UP主：Matt Wolfe
标题：AI News: OpenAI Just Put the Brakes on AI
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfGF7QbJItA

OpenAI just paused development on new
models. AI just helped with the
potential cure for skin cancer. We got a
brand new open-source model that you can
run locally on your computer that's
actually pretty good. We're going to
talk about all that and more in today's
AI news breakdown. But first, I want to
start with the thing that I've had the
most fun with this week, and that's this
new trip 2.0 model. This is a model that
actually generates 3D objects that you
can export and 3D print. You can pull
them into Blender. You can pull them
into Unreal Engine. And they're actually
really, really good, at least at
rendering the 3D portion. There is a
little bit of wonkiness, which I'll talk
about in a second. But you can see that
this is generating borderline game ready
assets like right out of the box. So, of
course, I had to play around with it.
And I wanted to give it an image of
myself and see if it would generate a 3D
version of me. So, I gave it this image
here cuz this was kind of the closest
image that I had to like a tea pose. And
you can see this is what it generated
right off the bat. It removed any sort
of facial hair or, you know, any hair at
all, but it got the pose pretty spot-on.
Now, after generating the 3D mesh,
there's an option to generate a skin
that goes over the mesh, and that's
where things got a little weird. So,
here's the textured version. And to be
honest, it nailed the shirt, pants, and
shoes. And my skin tone, too. Like, if
you look at the picture here, those are
perfect. But what the heck did it do to
[laughter] my face?
I don't know what's going on with the
lips. If you look at this, this was the
lips it generated on the original 3D
mesh here. But then when it added the
texture, it gave me like extra clown
lips or something. [laughter] I don't
know what's going on. And then you could
also see the nose got a little bit
weird. There's some skin in my
sunglasses. So, yeah, the face got a
little bit wonky, but everything from
the face down looks like perfect. Like,
yeah, if you just see this version
without my head in it, it looks like
identical to our original photo here.
But as soon as that face comes into the
picture, yeah, that's not quite me. But
I wanted to try with something a little
bit more fictional and fantasy to see
what that would do. And we'll actually
use an image generator of your choice. I
used Nano Banana and I gave it the
prompt, "A humanoid wolf with horns and
wings wearing torn jeans and a black
t-shirt flexing and standing on a tree
branch." You can see my first prompt, I
didn't put a t-shirt and jeans and uh I
got a little extra fur in areas that
looked a little too weird for me. So,
with my second prompt, I had it add some
clothes. I thought this second one came
out the best here. So, I generated a 3D
image from this one. And here's the
original mesh that it gave me. And it
looks pretty good. And then when I had
it add texture, then it got really cool.
Like it really really nailed it with
this one. So it seems to be quite a bit
better for like fantasy creatures where
AI generated the image versus giving it
real images to work with cuz this is
really good. Like some really decent
detail in there. It's really making me
want to create some 3D objects and then
pull them into codecs and have it
generate a game using these 3D objects.
That'll probably be a project for a
future video. But I was really really
impressed with this. I thought this
looked really really good and got me
inspired to want to do more game type
assets. And as of this recording, if you
want to play around with Trippo, they
actually allow you to generate two for
free. So I was actually just generating
these on the actual free plan. These are
my two free generations. Another cool
thing about this is you can generate an
unlit version. You can generate a
cartoon style, which just kind of puts
like an extra black outline around it. A
sketch style. And I really like this
hologram style. Like if I could get this
to look a little bit more like me, I can
actually see using holograms like this
inside of my videos. You know, it would
be really cool to like pull out my phone
and then have a hologram like this like
animate out of my phone and the hologram
talks to you for a minute or something
like that. I think that'd be really kind
of fun to figure out how to do in a
video. I just need it to look a little
bit more like me before I feel
comfortable doing that. One thing that I
find really interesting, if I go to my
wolf with wings here and I click on
unlit, it actually removes the wings
completely. So, the unlit version just
has the bones that were in the wings,
which is kind of cool, too. It gives me
like more effects that I could use. If
it wasn't a game, maybe if you're
battling this character in the game and
you hit it a couple times, you destroy
the wings and now he can't fly anymore,
but the wings look like this. Cartoon
style again has that more like outlined
look. Here's sketch style on the wolf.
And then of course the hologram style
where you could see through everything.
Once again also removes the wings. If
you are building a game around something
like this, you could export the hologram
style. Maybe when you kill the
character, it turns into like a ghost
like this and floats up or something
like that. I've been having a lot of fun
with this tool. So just like last week,
I wanted to kick this video off with the
thing that I enjoyed playing with the
most. Next up, I want to share some
really exciting positive news out of the
world of AI. There's so much like doom
and gloom around AI narratives right now
that it's really fun to finally share
some news that I think people can get
excited about. We've been told forever
now that AI is going to help cure
cancers and diseases and things like
that. And well, this news came out this
week that an mRNA cancer vaccine
succeeded in phase 3 melanoma trials.
The phase 3 trial included 1,137
patients who had stage 2B to four
melanoma that had been surgically
removed prior to the treatment in the
trial. Apparently, the vaccine extended
the amount of time a patient has without
the cancer returning. Now, this specific
article here on Ars Technica does not
mention AI at all in the article. And I
think part of the reason for that is
it's just like out of fashion to talk
about AI. Now, most of the narratives
that you hear online that use AI are
usually narratives around how AI is
ruining everything. However, this
vaccine does use AI. You can see here
that it is called mRNA4157.
Well, I found this article here from
December 2023, back when it was cool to
talk about AI, called Advancing the
Fight Against Cancer through mRNA and
AI. And if we look at the actual drug
they're talking about here, mRNA4157.
So the same mRNA4157
they're talking about in this new
article back in 2023. They were on phase
2b. This one is reporting about phase 3
trials. Now to be clear, this isn't
referring to generative AI. This is not
like a large language model that went
and found a cure for this type of
cancer, but it is using AI. It's using
machine learning and the neural networks
and everything to help fight against
this type of cancer. Again, this was at
a time where it was cool to say things
were solved with AI. It says, "On the
design end, a series of fully integrated
AI algorithms take next generation
sequencing data from tumor and blood
samples reviews their genetic mutations
and predicts up to 34 of those neo
antigens that are most likely to elicit
an immune response. This algorithm has
the potential to learn over time through
pairing clinical and immunogenicity data
and will hopefully become better at
selecting the most clinically active neo
antigens. So, it's still using like a
prediction machine, not too unlike a
large language model of today, but I've
been seeing a lot of arguments and
discourse around this specific news
online where people are claiming that
this didn't use AI simply because that
original article never mentioned AI.
Well, in fact, on Moderna's own website,
they literally break down how it's used
AI to get to where it is. Anyway, this
is the kind of news that I'm hoping we
see more and more of out of the world of
AI. And I do think generative AI and
large language models are also going to
be getting us closer and closer to these
like health and science breakthroughs.
We're already starting to see it a
little bit, but when it comes to AI, I
think we can all use some like positive
use cases and positive news around how
AI is being used. The next update comes
from Hyper Agent, and they built their
entire platform specifically around this
concept of agent teams. Instead of
asking one AI to do everything, you
create specialized agents with different
jobs that can work at the same time and
with each other. And it's not just
multi- aent, it's multi-human, too.
Because apps like OpenClaw, Hermes, or
even Claude Code can be difficult to
work collaboratively with if they're
living in one person's local setup. But
with Hyper Agent, you build an agent
once, and your entire team can use it,
either directly inside the Hyper Agent
app or by messaging with it like you
would a co-orker in Slack. I personally
used Hyper Agent to build my own B-roll
generator for videos. You just give it a
section of a script and it turns that
into photorealistic B-roll, motion
graphics, and other visuals I can
actually use in my videos. And because
it lives inside Hyper Agent, other
people on my team could use the exact
same workflow without rebuilding it from
scratch. You can actually try my B-roll
generator for yourself along with a
bunch of other cool skills in Hyper
Agents Marketplace or build your own
team of AI agents with Hyper Agent. If
you sign up with the link in the
description, you'll get a hundred bucks
in bonus credits on a paid plan. So, go
check it out. And thanks to Hyper Agent
for supporting my channel and sponsoring
this portion of today's video. We did
get another new large language model
this week that everybody is talking
about. And this one comes out of
Alibaba. So, this week we got the new
Quinn 3.827B
model. Now, if you have been following
along, you might think, "Oh, I've
already heard about Quinn 3.8." Well,
last week I did mention Quinn 3.82.4T,
which is a 2.4 trillion parameter model.
And yes, that was an openweight model,
but it's so big that nobody's running
that one locally. This new version,
Quinn 3.827B 827B is a 27 billion
parameter variant that you actually can
run on consumer grade computers, which
is why there has been so much talk about
this one this week is because a it's
actually a really really good model that
works really well for people, but b it's
small enough to actually run locally. To
sort of hammer this point home, hater
here wrote this post. Let this sink in.
Quinn 3.827B is an openweight model. You
can run completely offline on a 24 to 32
GB laptop and it's already better than
Opus 4.8, GPT 5.6 Terra and Luna. Andy
shared the screenshot to the artificial
analysis agent index here. And we can
see that Quinn 3.827B comes in above 5.6
Terra and only slightly behind Kimmy K3,
which is another open model, but a model
that is just also very, very big and
likely not going to be running on your
local computer. Now, to be fair, 24 to
32 GB of VRAM, most people still aren't
going to have that. If you have a newer
newer computer, maybe or if you're using
one of the Macs with one of the M chips
that has a large unified memory like the
Mac Studios, you're probably going to be
able to run it on one of those as well.
But if you're on like an Nvidia graphics
card, your GPU is going to need to end
in a 90, right? 5090, 4090, 3090, one of
those are going to be the only ones
really strong enough to run a model like
this. Apparently, you can run it on a 16
GB, but it's going to be insanely slow.
Now, looking at artificial analysis here
and scrolling down to the intelligence
index, not the agentic index we're
looking at earlier, but just the overall
intelligence index, it sort of falls
middle of the pack here, scoring a 52.
Now, the intelligence index is a whole
bunch of different benchmarks combined
to sort of determine the smartest model
across a bunch of different benchmarks.
So, it's one of my favorite benchmarks
to look at cuz you don't have to look at
a whole bunch of individual benchmarks.
It's like it took all of those, weighted
them, and decided an intelligent score
based on all of the benchmarks. And I
mean, a 52 is really not that bad,
right? It falls just below GPT 5.6 6
Luna Max, Deepseek V4, Gemini 3.7 Flash,
and I mean, it's not even that big of a
jump to get up to these state-of-the-art
Frontier Lab models. And if we look at
everything in front of Quinn 3.8 here,
none of these are going to run on a
local consumer GPU. Not a single one of
these models is small enough to run on
even like a 5090. So, pretty pretty
impressive model for being open weight
and ability to run locally. If you do
want to run this model locally and you
have a GPU that can handle it, the
easiest way that I found is to download
LM Studio here. It's a totally free app
and this allows you to run local models.
With LM Studio installed, you could come
over here to the model search. Search
for Quinn 3.8 and this is the official
version straight from Quinn on hugging
face and they have different versions.
You can get 4bit, 5bit, 6bit, and 8bit
quantization. Now, that just means like
the amount of compression essentially on
it, the more quantitized it is, you're
going to lose a little bit of
intelligence essentially. So, you want
to run the best one that your computer
will let you run the the highest bit.
The nice thing about LM Studio here is
that if you click on any one of these
models or variations, it'll tell you if
it'll run on your computer, full GPU
offload possible. So, on mine, I can run
the full 16bit version unquantized if I
want and it will still work. But if you
can't run that version, I would grab the
highest quantitization number that you
can that your GPU can offload. There's
also an uncensored variant that you can
find inside of LM Studio. And I actually
installed this version as well. You can
see I'm using the 8bit uncensored
version. And when I say it's uncensored,
it is very uncensored. I asked it to
give me directions on how to do some
pretty wild stuff that no other model is
going to tell you how to do, and it told
me with no problem. So yeah, uncensored
means it's very very uncensored. So
beware. Now, once you have that model
downloaded, you can click on my models.
You can see I've got the uncensored
variant and a 4-bit variant installed
here. So if I select uncensored, click
on my little cog icon and then click use
in new chat. You can see it then pulls
in that model. And now I can use this
model completely uncensored in chat. and
it will think, it will use code, it will
pretty much do anything you expect new
models to do. Now, this isn't like an
agentic harness. LM Studio isn't going
to do similar stuff to like Codeex or
Claude Co where you give it a task and
then it sort of creates a checklist of
things to work through and then one at a
time works through those things, giving
the model new prompts to work through
each of those things. That's what those
agentic harnesses are doing when you're
using large language models. LM Studio
is just going to act like a single chat.
So, you give it a message, it's going to
respond, it's going to be done. If you
do want to use this model as an agent,
similar to what you'd get out of
something like Codeex, my preferred
agentic harness at the moment is
actually the Hermes harness here. And
what's cool about Hermes is that you can
actually get it to find models that are
running in LM Studio. So, because I have
this model running in LM Studio, I can
actually click on developer here, select
the model I want to use. So, right now
I've got this Quinn 3.8 model. And then
I can turn on the server here. And while
this server is running, if I jump back
over to Hermes, go to my settings, go to
model at the top here, you can see that
it actually finds LM Studio running and
the models that are available inside of
LM Studio. Right now, I'm running the
uncensored model. So, I'd keep that
selected. Apply that. And I like this
Hermes harness because to me, it feels
and looks similar to what you get out of
Codeex or Claude Co-work. So, it feels
very familiar. And now they just added a
new feature where if you like something
like Grockbot, they actually have a bots
mode that works more like that where you
can create little bots just like in
Grockbot. And of course, I had to test
this new model with my prompt of create
a clone of Megabon. And well, it tried.
It took a long time. I think it ran for
like 2 hours using my local GPU. But you
can see that it kept on giving new
prompts. It was writing code. It went
through like a whole task list of things
and worked through this project just
like you would expect out of Codeex or
Claude Co-work or something like that.
And as far as the Mega Bonk clone that I
was working on, well, it made a screen
that looks good. The problem is as soon
as I hit play, yeah, nothing happens. I
get nothing on the screen. I Yeah, it's
just the game's broken. And it took so
long to do this locally that I just
went, "Yeah, I'm not going to keep on
working on this anymore."
>> [laughter]
>> You can see it tried. Apparently, I just
leveled up. I don't know how cuz I can't
see anything, but it didn't quite pass
my mega bonk test. I did, however, throw
it into beautybench. This was the image
I got. And I don't know why this
happened, but it used 70,000 tokens. It
took 74 minutes to run and generate
this, and it cost me 25. Now, I didn't
run this locally. The reason it cost me
25 cents was cuz I was using open
router. So, I was running this one
specifically in the cloud. It would have
been free obviously if I ran it on my
own local computer, but 74 minutes to
generate. Like, that's wild. That's just
I I don't know why. Anyway, the major
idea here is that these local models are
getting better and better even though
they're getting smaller and smaller in
terms of like parameter count and actual
file size and the amount of compute
required to run them. So, we're not far
off from having models that are, you
know, Opus 5, GPT 5.6 Soul, Fable level
that we could run on high-end consumer
GPUs, and that's really exciting. And
speaking of frontier level intelligence,
we did get an update out of OpenAI this
week on where they are in their
development cycle. This week, they put
out this article called Pacing Model
Development in an era of cyber critical
capabilities. Now, they've been sort of
teasing GPT6 or Project Astra or, you
know, whatever their next sort of
iteration of GPT is, and it keeps on
getting bumped out because of, well, the
tale is old as time. It's just too scary
and too powerful to put out right now.
By the way, they also said that about
GPT2 back in 2019. Now, obviously, these
models have come a long way and they
actually have gotten out of containment
and hacked websites and things like
that. So, it's a little bit different of
an era, but still same narrative. They
did say here there was a twoe pause in
reinforcement learning training on our
latest models intended for deployment
while we further hardened and redteamed
the research. And their largest planned
frontier reinforcement learning run
remains on hold while we conduct smaller
scale training and evaluation to assess
model behavior. Yeah, right now the
models are just kind of on hold. Now it
sounds like the models are trained
because reinforcement learning typically
happens in post-training. So the full
model is trained then they typically
will do reinforcement learning to sort
of tune it to the preferences and add
guard rails and things like that. So it
sounds like this Astra model GPT6 model
is pretty much like ready to go other
than this reinforcement learning phase
that really kind of dials it in
essentially. When we'll actually get it,
who knows? They're apparently holding
things back and slowing things down
because they really want to make sure
they do this right and they don't want
it breaking its sandbox and hacking more
websites. Now, what we actually have
been getting out of OpenAI lately is
more feature updates and upgrades to
their platforms like Codeex. For
example, this week they released a
computer history feature. This to me
sounds very similar to that Microsoft
feature that everybody hated that they
were rolling out on all the computers
that basically watched everything you
did on your computer and can recall back
to it. Well, Chad GPT is doing something
similar. Computer history turns your
activity across apps and websites into
memories and a timeline that ChatGpt and
Codeex can reference. You can ask
natural questions about recent work,
pick up where you left off, understand
patterns in how you work, and turn
repeated workflows into skills or
automations. So you theoretically can go
work all day at the end of the day say,
"Hey, review everything I did. Is there
anything you can automate for me and let
Chat GPT look through your history and
figure out what it can automate for
you?" Now, you do have to choose to turn
it on and it only starts after you've
turned it on, so any past history won't
be there. You can also control which
apps and websites contribute. You can
pause collection from the Mac OS menu
bar, and you can inspect or delete your
history at any time. Why would anybody
want to do that? Here's a screenshot of
what it looks like. Here's like a a
timeline. At 9:00 a.m., you checked your
task list, reviewed recent changes,
planned what to tackle next. 9:10,
reviewed your project feedback. You were
in Chrome, chat GBT, and Slack. It looks
like 9:20, prepared a launch update,
could see what apps are open, and it's
suggesting skills, turn the steps you
use to prepare a launch update into a
reusable skill. So, it basically wants
to watch your computer for both most
likely training data, but also so that
it could figure out what you're doing on
a repetitive basis and help it make it
less repetitive for you. So, if you're
in the chat GPT app, we go to our
settings here. Down on the left sidebar,
you've got computer history and you have
to turn it on to allow it to start
watching your computer history. And you
can allow all apps or customize which
apps you want it to be able to watch.
Once you've done that, it will start
watching your computer history from that
point on. Another new feature they
rolled out this week is that it now
integrates with Apple Messages. You can
install an Apple Messages plugin inside
of the Chat GPT app on your Mac and have
it search messages, catch up on
conversations, draft, and even send
replies for you all within the Chat GPT
app on your Mac. So, to set this one up,
you're going to open your chat GPT app,
come over to plugins this time, search
for messages, and you can install the
messages app here. Now, if I click try
now, I can tag messages and tell it to
tell me about my most recent
conversations, which I'll likely be
blurring, but let's see what it says.
And yeah, although I have to blur it, it
did tell me what my last five text
messages were. But apparently you can
also like send messages and go back
through old threads and things like
that. All right, I know I covered a lot,
but there was quite a bit more that
happened, but I don't want to waste your
time with all the details. I'm just
going to give you the quick overview of
it all. So, let's jump into a rapid
fire. [music]
Meta just launched a brand new Mac app,
so you can pretty much do all of the
various Meta AI stuff that you would do
in one of the Meta platforms, but now in
a dedicated app. It has an obnoxiously
large doc icon, but when we open it up
here, we can see that it has a very
similar look and feel to something like
Codeex or Claude Co-work. A little less
featurerich at the moment, but I get the
impression that they're going for kind
of the same thing. We've got our
scheduled tasks here. We've got
artifacts. We've got media. You can see
some of the stuff we've generated over
time. Here we've got our chat history.
And of course, it's going to use the
meta models to either respond to your
questions or prompts or to generate
images for you. Perplexity this week
launched their brain product, which is
kind of like a second brain or
knowledgebased wiki thing, but it's
built into their Perplexity computer. We
can see it's got a sort of obsidian like
knowledge graph here. It can organize
and store the memories. So, I'm pretty
sure what they did was they took Andre
Carpathy's wiki concept that he broke
down on X a couple months ago and just
built that concept straight into
Perplexity computer. And in fact, if you
want to learn more about that and how I
built my own of the similar thing, but I
just built it myself instead of using
Perplexity's version, check out this
video that I put together called Build
an AI second brain knowledge base.
That'll get you there as well. Here's a
feature that Google rolled out at the
end of last week, but because I record
these on Thursdays and publish them on
Fridays, I didn't see this news until
Friday. And well, they gave people the
ability to remove watermarks on AI
generated images, video, and music. Now,
they still have the invisible synth ID
watermark, so people can still double
check to see if they were generated with
AI, but they're now allowing you to
physically turn off the watermark. And a
lot of people aren't a fan of this idea
because people believe it might just
lead to more fake images and videos
being spread around where people are
pretending for them to be real. Now,
again, you can grab them, throw them
into Gemini, and ask if they're real or
not, but still, how many people are
actually doing that? Claude got a new
feature this week. You can now send
emails in Gmail and manage files inside
of Google Drive. So you can ask Claude
to reply to a thread and it drafts and
sends the response. You control when it
needs your approval. So you can connect
Gmail, Google Drive. The interesting
thing is I saw this and thought I could
have sworn Claude already did that. I
mean, I've been able to do that inside
of Codeex. I don't know why I thought I
was able to do it in Cloud, but I guess
now you can. OpenAI this week rolled out
a feature for teens. So basically,
OpenAI is trying to determine whether
you're an adult or a teenager by how you
chat with it. Now, if you tell it you're
a teenager, it just knows from that
point on and will feed you the teen
version of the model. However, if you
don't ever say your age and you just
chat with it and it thinks you chat like
a teenager, well, it might downgrade you
to the teen version that way as well.
So, if you're an adult that talks like a
teenager, well, you [laughter] could end
up on the teen version. I actually did a
live stream with my buddy Joe earlier
this week where we went off on this
giant rant about should teens even be
using chat GPT or not. Check out that
live stream if you hadn't. It was a lot
of fun. It is 3 hours I know but you
can, you know, 2x it. There's a lot of
good insights and tests and things that
we did in that video that I think a lot
of people will enjoy. But we did talk
about the whole like chat GPT for teens
and I think my take on it will probably
surprise people that I don't really
think teens should be using chat GPT
that much. I mean, there are some use
cases where I think it's helpful, but I
think they should be resourceful and
actually do more digging than just
getting every answer from Chad GPT. But
again, it's a rabbit hole and a rant
that I went down on my recent live
stream a little bit deeper. Along
similar lines, college students can
actually get free access to Google
Gemini. So this week, Google announced
we're offering one year of Google AI
plan free of charge for eligible college
students around the world, plus new
enhanced study tools so students can
make the most of the school year. So if
you are a college student and you want
Google to help you on your homework,
well, you could do it for free. Alibaba
released a new music model this week
called Happy Shrimp 1.0. I don't know
what's a better name, Nano Banana or
Happy Shrimp, but this looks to be a
pseudo competitor where you can generate
music. Here's a quick sample of a future
garage track.
[music]
That's not what I was expecting at all
from a garage track. Now, we did test
this on our live stream and we made a
couple pop punk songs about the
Padres's. Here's what one of them
sounded like.
[music]
>> I'll leave it there. You get the idea.
It's [laughter] very, very generic
sounding. I don't quite think this is as
good as what Sununo can generate, but I
also do know a lot of people are looking
for Suno alternatives with all of their
latest restrictions that they're having.
We also did try to get it to generate
songs in the style of and we gave it
certain band names and it refused to
generate in the style of certain bands
similar to what Sunno also does. We've
got some quick news for coders as well.
Cursor is apparently creating their own
version of like a GitHub. It's called
Origin where you can, you know, store
your code, send pull requests, browse
code, and it even syncs to GitHub, so
you can just like pull everything from
GitHub straight into it. They're clearly
trying to compete with GitHub. You can
see in their blog post, they're telling
you just to bring your GitHub repos
right over. So, first we got Buzz, which
was an app that was similar to Slack,
where you can have a bunch of AI agents
talking to each other, but then you can
also have your human co-workers in there
talking to you and the agents. And then
we got Grockbot which felt kind of
similar but just more with like one
person talking to multiple agents. And
now Salesforce is rolling this feature
out into Slack. Agentic coding is now
multiplayer introducing Slack code. We
can see here you can pull agents
directly into Slack now and they can
write code directly inside of your Slack
and agents and humans can now interact
with each other directly inside of Slack
without needing other tools. Now, this
one doesn't appear to run the agents
directly inside of Slack. Instead, it
appears to use your existing agent
harnesses like a Codeex or a Claude
Code, and you can just tag those apps,
and it will spin up those channels.
It'll still use those tools to run the
agents, but you can chat with them
directly from Slack. So, I guess it's
kind of more like a native Open Claw
built into Slack, I guess. I don't know.
It's something I'll probably experiment
with more in the future. Another
interesting research paper out of Pew
shows that a lot of the internet these
days is being written by AI. Like this
is sort of dead internet theory proof.
So this chart here shows the percentage
of AI editing or authorship going back
to January 2022, there's very little.
Fast forward to today and apparently
about 10% of websites are generated
[clears throat] with AI these days. And
if you filter out old pages, basically
pages that were published before ChatgPT
existed, that number jumps way up. 35%
of pages on the internet are generated
by AI since ChatGpt came out. That's
just crazy. But I guess not surprising.
More and more people are looking for
shortcuts. And finally, let's end on a
robot. This Unite Robot, Superman, can
go from a stand to a 2 m high jump.
That's about 6 feet roughly. It has a
top speed of 12.66
meters per second. I think that
surpasses the standing high jump and
running speed records of all humans
around the world. Just take a look at
this video. Look, that is just insane.
Like he was over that dude's head when
he jumped. And here's a video of it
running. And yeah, that's faster than
any human could run. If they start
making police robots that chase after
the criminals, criminals are screwed.
Anyway, that's what I got for you this
week. Another one of those weeks where
there was a lot of news, like a ton of
things happening, but all feels like
kind of smaller things. Like the
improvements are sort of these marginal
little jumps instead of big leaps. In
fact, it sounds like these big leaps
might actually get further between again
because all the Foundation Labs are sort
of scared to release their newest
iterations of the models because of how
good they are at the cyber security
stuff. We do have Meta Connect coming up
next month and we do have OpenAI's Dev
Day coming next month. So, I wouldn't be
surprised if the next iterations of
models both of those companies are
releasing are coming towards the end of
next month to sort of release around
those events. But, I don't know. I'm
just guessing. I don't have any insider
information on any of this stuff right
now. I'm just as in the dark as you are.
Who knows how it's going to play out.
We'll see. If you want to make sure you
stay in the loop with all of the latest
AI news, whether you love AI, whether
you hate AI, whether you're somewhere in
the middle and you just want to keep up
with it. I drink from the fire hose all
week. I read all the news articles. I
talk to the people. I test the tools. I
spend all week staying looped into
everything that's going on with AI so I
can turn around, make this video on
Thursdays to publish them on Fridays to
keep you completely looped in on
everything that's happening in the AI
world. I'll be overwhelmed so you don't
have to. If that's something that's
interesting to you, maybe consider
liking this video and subscribing to
this channel. I'm like very close to a
million. Hoping to hit it like within
the next week or so. So, that little
subscribe button would really really
help me out to like just pass that
little milestone that I've been trying
to hit. But yeah, that's what I got for
you. Excited to share some of these
other upcoming videos in between the
news videos. I really think you're going
to dig them. And uh again, yeah, that's
what I got for you. I'm done rambling
and nerding out. I never really know how
to land the ship with these videos. So,
uh I guess uh bye.
