UP主：The AI Advantage
标题：This is How You Delegate to AI in 2026
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBdFhHyEW4Y

Ooh. So, this week we got a feature that
is going to make it way easier for you
to automate recurring tasks with agents.
No technical skill required because Clot
can now watch you do a task. It listens
while you explain your decision making
and it turns the whole thing into
reusable skill. And yeah, that's
essentially what I want to show you
today. It's the easiest way to show
Claude the type of work that you're
doing so it can do it for you. And
that's basically this week's news story
that I want to focus on in this show
called Music and News. We look at
everything that comes out and then we
zero in on the stuff that matters. I
think this is a big one. This exists
within a few other places, even the
Claude Chrome extension and Codeex,
which is the OpenAI version of Claude
Co-work, but here it's just so simple.
All you need to do is update the app.
It's available in all regions. And you
could do various use cases with this.
We'll be looking at two of them today.
One of them is a QA checklist. Meaning
if you have a checklist of things that
need to be done on a certain tasks, well
that's one of the prime use cases here.
You can literally give it that checklist
and be like go ahead and check asset XYZ
if it has all 12 of these things and
then it comes back with a report saying
yeah it has 11 but it's missing one
automatically and then schedule it out
and check other people's work this way.
It's very reliable. I like it a lot for
this. And then secondly, I'm going to be
looking at accounting workflow where
it's like moving invoices around and
adding things to Excel sheet. You can
use this for so many things. The big
point here is it's just easier to create
these than ever before because you show
it instead of crafting prompts or I
don't know putting together intricate
automation flows. So let's look at the
feature and show you how to set this up
for yourself. If you're inside of Claude
Co-work on the web, you're not going to
see this. You need the desktop app. If
you don't have it yet, you can basically
go down here, say get apps and
extensions, and then one of these should
be Claude desktop right here. And this
is the installed application. Now that
you have it, you switch over to co-work
because you wanted to use your local
files too in the process of recording
these skills. And then here under plus
there's this new button, record a skill.
If you don't see it, make sure to update
your cloth coowork desktop app. And then
it should appear. All right. So now if I
hit record a skill, you will see that if
I do this for the very first time on a
Mac, I have to give it some permissions.
So obviously it wants to see my screen
and record my mic. So I give those
permissions. And once I did that, I can
kind of just start recording. Now here's
the deal. Before I even do that, let's
get a very clear on what we want to
record here. Because as soon as I hit
start recording, this thing is going to
be very, very perceptive of everything
you do on the screen. Meaning, if you
show another tab by accident, it's going
to take all of that in as context and it
might get confused. So, you want to get
clear. Matter of fact, what I did here
is I have my little checklist here in a
text document and I'm going to be using
that just by having the checklist pulled
up here. it's going to register that and
I don't even have to read all of it off.
It's just going to know what to do. So,
if you have a existing SOP, you could
kind of just scroll through that thing
and maybe add some comments and then do
the process yourself and boom, it just
records your first version of that
repeatable skill. But again, be careful
not to clutter this. It gets easily
confused. And as it sees everything, be
careful with exposing any sensitive
information. And final clarity on what
we're actually doing here is I wanted to
go to the AI Advantage YouTube channel.
You could do this with literally
anything that you want to QA check. And
I just wanted to go to videos and check
out the latest upload and make sure it
has all items on this checklist. Like is
the thumbnail text readable? Has the
video been added to a playlist? Is there
any placeholders in the description as
we have them there by default? Does it
have chapters? And a few more things
that we kind of QA check for every time
manually. Heck, in the preparation of
this video, I realized that this is a
no-brainer thing that we should be
doing. So, let's do it. Oh, there's one
caveat with this feature. When we were
testing this, we ran into one
limitation, which is file size
limitations. So, it can only manipulate
files up to 10 megabytes. So, if you
wanted to do some video workflows and
move those files around, it's not going
to work, unfortunately. Another thing is
setting up this Chrome extension. It
takes a few clicks. Sometimes you have
to install the Chrome extension, make
sure it's updated, and then there's
permissions you need to enable for this
to work. And before you try this, make
sure to go to the settings and then
capabilities and enable this code
execution and file creation. This is
really going to help with it doing
things on its own. It's required for
skills. So again in claude I click plus
record a skill. And now when I start
recording here we are. So what I want
this skill to do is to open up the AI
advantage YouTube channel both from the
public facing view and YouTube studio.
And then inside of the YouTube studio I
want it to look at the latest video. And
I want to check for various items on
this checklist that I'm showing now. All
of these items should be checked and
then I want a concise message back on
which ones have been recorded and which
ones haven't. So we literally just go on
here, click on the video and then check
out the description or anything else
that might be needed to verify the
checklist items and then get me a report
back. I'll click done. It's as simple as
that. Because I had my checklist
prepared here, I didn't even need to
show it all of that. It can just read
it. And that's a real hack because
initially when I was trying this, I was
going through and performing every
single one of these actions. But
honestly, stuff like, hey, has this been
added to a playlist is straightforward.
It understands that. So I can kind of
just show it this checklist. And that's
a real hack on how to do this quickly.
And there it is. That's basically it. It
took this 50-second demonstration. And
now it's going to think through this and
create the process and bake this into a
skill, which we then save into our
account. And then whenever we activate
that skill, it's going to do exactly
that for our new video. So now in the
setup, it's asking me some questions.
What would you like me to do with this
recording? I'm going to say draft a
separate new skill because I already did
this in preparation for the video. So,
we already have a skill that does
exactly this. And hey, by the way, if
you're not sure what kind of QA, which
by the way stands for quality assurance
checks you could do on your own work,
just tell it, hey, what kind of work
could you check for me so that we hit
certain quality standards and then it
might quiz you on what kind of work you
do? Or it already has the context on you
ideally and it just makes suggestions
based on that. By the way, talking about
context, if you don't have that context
set up yet, it's literally the biggest
unlock where you move from AI just
answering questions to AI working with
you on a daily basis and then eventually
working for you like this. It's the
context that makes the difference. So,
if you want to set that up or learn
about other workflows that you can teach
AI, that is exactly what we help you
with inside of the AI Advantage Club.
Every week, we give you one practical AI
win that you can execute with no code
and much more for just $1 for the very
first month. The goal is simple. We help
you get at least one hour back every
single week. You can check that out in
the link in the video description below.
All right, now back to the skill which
by now has been packaged because you can
see it baked in the checklist that I had
in there. And yeah, I have the video
launch check. Oh, I did forget to save
the skill. I actually have to click this
button. There it is. It has been saved.
And now I can go to a new chat and say
slash video launch check. For the
purpose of this tutorial, I'm going to
say skip all approval. So it's not going
to ask me for permission at all. It's
just kind of going to do it. And just a
note as this concrete skill is going to
be using the browser extension. What
model you select here is not going to
affect that as in a second here you will
see it opens up a brand new tab here in
my browser. And then this extension uses
Opus 4.8 for now. Oh, there it is.
Opening the channel dashboard. And now
it's working. Let's fast forward over
this and see what it came up with as a
result of the skill that it just
recorded.
And there's the result. Let's review
this. Okay, so these are all the
criteria and it basically told me, okay,
this is all good. No playlist selected.
That's accurate. This video is not in a
playlist. And there's no end screen and
card. You could literally see it go into
there. See, if you open up this, you can
see what it did. It went into the
editor. When you add these end screen
and cards, you saw that there's none.
even went into the transcript, didn't
change anything. And then it says, "No
subtitles have been added." We usually
don't add these. It's just autogenerated
one. And no sponsor mentioned, so the
promotion box is unchecked. Perfect.
Look at that. Isn't this just amazing?
Now, I could set it up to check, I don't
know, once a week, newest video, and
then yeah, you have a automatic QA
system. If you wanted to evolve that
further, you could even attach an extra
document where it logs what videos it
has checked already, so it doesn't do
one twice. And then once a week, it just
QHX all your new uploads or any new work
that has been done. I mean, this is just
an example of something that is publicly
available and that has a clear quality
expectation right here. But you can kind
of go crazy. Now, I don't want to just
end there because the possibilities here
are really vast and I want to show you
something a bit more concrete. I'm going
to breeze over this one. I'm just going
to record it with you and then show you
the result. So basically I have a folder
here that I need to navigate to. So I'm
going to go to cowwork invoice receipts
training batch and inside of this folder
you can see three subfolders incoming
which is new invoices that have been
placed in here needs reviews stuff that
is not perfect that needs human review
and process stuff that fits all the
quality criteria and can be moved into
an Excel sheet where we track all of
these something super practical right.
So you can see here in incoming we just
have some mock invoices here and then
right here is my income tracker. So I
would go in here, say record, and now
again, let's be careful with what we do
because it gets everything. Okay, I want
you to turn the following process into a
skill. I have this folder structure set
up with incoming invoices and processed
invoices. And if it fits the quality
criteria that I have, then I want to
move it over. If it doesn't, you can
move it into the needs review folder
that I will go through manually. So what
it basically looks like is you go into
incoming, you open one of these invoices
and you check for all the quality
criteria. First of all, these are the
required fields. All of these need to be
filled out. So everything from document
type, vendor, document number, date, due
date, currency, subtotal, tax, and total
need to be present in the invoice. You
will enter all of those fields here. And
if it's missing any one of these fields
or has unreadable totals, a duplicate
document number or a mismatched total,
it must go to the needs review folder so
I can check it later. Additionally, I
want you to take these generically named
invoices and apply a exact naming. So,
I'm going to do this once here manually.
I'm going to take this file and then I
have this template um that I want you to
follow which is going to be the year,
the month and the day. So 2026
0711 and then the vendor name in this
case Bright Line Studio. I'm going to
enter everything into here. And for
these last two fields, if it says on
invoice, you can fill them in. If it
doesn't say missing and for payment
status, you can assume unpaid. All
right. Now that this is complete, I will
move the invoice over into processed.
And this way I would go through all the
invoices manually. All right. Now you
will see the same thing. It creates a
skill and then we're going to try and
run the skill of the rest of these
invoices and see how it does. And there
it is. All of them have been added and
moved to the folder. And in case uh
inconsistency comes up, it will go into
the needs review folder. And that's how
it's done. This is acutely practical.
Wouldn't you agree? It just saves time
in setting these things up. And then
obviously you could put it on a
schedule. Again, now just the limit is
finding tasks that are repeating or
coming up with new tasks and workflows
that you could add to your work week
where AI just does it for you. Again, if
you need help with that, we do that
inside of the club. But I hope this
video was helpful to you already. There
was one more thing this week that popped
up in the news that I really wanted to
show you, which is basically a minor
chat update. If you use chatpt under
personalization, they really upped the
amount of context that you can now put
into your custom instructions. So this
field now more than tripled in terms of
context size. It used to be 1,500
characters. Now it's over 5,000. So if
you have something like the DNA files
that I teach inside of the club in a
course, which is basically context on
your life here, I have it linked from a
Google Drive file. Well, this used to be
way too long for custom instructions.
Now if yours are pretty concise, you
could just throw them right into custom
instructions. And yeah, basically every
message you will ever send will include
that context. Cost them way more. That's
why they kept it so concise and now they
just triple the size. If you use that
feature, this is going to be good news.
And yeah, for everybody else, have fun
using this new cla feature. It's
comparable to the codeex one. And that
is pretty much everything for this week.
If you enjoy videos like this, make sure
to subscribe. I make multiple videos
every single week. And with that being
said, I hope you have a wonderful day.
[music]
Breaking down the stories you [music]
actually care about. AI news you can use
here to help you figure it out.
