小白投资笔记 7.26 第三篇

In today's episode, we're going to talk about Intel. In the second quarter of 2026, and they've delivered a really impressive earnings report. Then, we have its Data Center and AI Group, both performed exceptionally well. At the same time, its gross margin also saw a significant improvement. And all of these factors have, in turn, directly driven up Intel's stock price. However, So, while Intel's outlook seems very positive and on the upswing, But when you compare it to some of its peers, Take AMD, for example. and companies like Nvidia, in terms of its revenue predictability and risk-reward profile, aren't quite as appealing. That's why Goldman Sachs is keeping its rating on the stock at Neutral. Exactly. That's a really interesting point to discuss. Alright, let's just dive right in. Alright. So, let's start with Intel's Q2 2026 financial report. as well as its latest business outlook. So, what are the key factors behind this? that drove Intel's performance this quarter exceeding the general market expectations. And that is Intel's revenue for this quarter. reaching $16.01 billion. This not only surpassed Goldman Sachs' forecast of 14.3 billion dollars, and also beat the market's consensus estimate of 14.4 billion dollars. And on top of that, its gross margin also saw a huge improvement. hitting 41.8%. This was higher than both Goldman Sachs' and the market's expectations, That's about two percentage points higher. That's a really impressive improvement in the gross margin. So, what about some of the other key metrics? Did they all see a significant increase as well? Its operating margin was 17.2%. That's nearly six percentage points higher than expected. Then, its adjusted EPS, or earnings per share, was $0.42. That's 19 cents higher than expected. And then there are its customers. Revenue from the Computing Group was $8.9 billion. The Data Center and AI group The group's revenue was $6.3 billion. Revenue from Intel's Foundry Services was $5.8 billion. All of which surpassed market expectations. Alright. So, let's dive into the details. So, let's talk about Intel's performance in the data center sector. So, let's take a closer look at the demand for server CPUs in particular. or, to put it another way, what the market trends are like. This drove the growth of its DC AI division. to achieve such high growth on both a quarterly and a year-over-year basis. So, for this quarter, Intel's DCAI group... and its sequential growth was 24%. and the year-over-year growth was even more staggering at 59%. And the main reason for that is... This is all due to the incredibly strong demand for general-purpose servers. And on top of that, you have this so-called 'agent take-all' dynamic. provided an extra boost. A growth rate that high is certainly quite astonishing. So, how exactly is this AI thing impacting the server market? just how big of a role did it play? Intel has made it very clear that that is, GEAR AI is accelerating the growth of the entire server CPU market. And at the same time, this is driving higher average selling prices. They're projecting that this market will, for at least the next few years, maintaining a double-digit compound annual growth rate. And they also mentioned... Because, you know, we're still in a state of capacity shortage. So, they're projecting that for the fourth quarter of 2026, and there will be an even stronger sequential growth. So, it seems the boost AI is giving to the server market is playing a pretty significant role. Alright, let's switch gears and talk about Intel's capital expenditures. You know, their KPEX. So, have there been any recent updates to their CapEx plan? So, Intel is now adjusting its capital expenditure guidance for 2026. up from the previous $17 billion to over 20 billion dollars. Mmm. And they're also planning for 2027 and beyond, and to further ramp up their investments. And the main purpose of this is... is to expand their advanced packaging capacity. and to prepare for the mass production of their 14A process technology. So, where are they directing most of this capital expenditure? Actually, for the year 2026, investment in wafer manufacturing equipment. That's an increase of about 40% compared to last year. And that's mainly because they need to get their fab shells ready ahead of time. In other words, the infrastructure for the wafer fabs and the clean room space. So, they're building out the cleanroom space first. And they will also continue to invest in wafers, in the front-end and advanced packaging sectors. to meet the ever-growing demands of their customers. Got it. Alright, next up, let's take a look at Intel's progress in its manufacturing processes and their future product roadmap. So, for these two nodes, 18A and 14A, So, what's the latest on its progress? And then, in terms of matching their production capacity with demand, are there any new initiatives? Intel's 18A process technology So now, whether it's on the server side, or in their client-side products, Both yield rates and the ramp-up to mass production are progressing very smoothly. So, they're also ramping up their production capacity in response to market demand. And then, for their 18A process... has also entered the risk production phase in the second quarter. So, it sounds like things are progressing pretty smoothly, huh? So, their next-generation node would be the 14A. So, what's the situation right now? Intel stated that Their internal evaluation of the various processes for the 14A node are all ahead of where the 18A was at the same point in its development. And they are also planning to release it in October 2026. the 0.9 version of the PDK, In other words, the Process Design Kit. Then, the risk production is slated for the second half of 2027. And then, mass production will officially begin in 2028. Alright. Alright, next up, let's talk about Intel's... and its guidance for the third quarter of 2026. and the adjustments to their earnings forecast. So, what about their guidance for revenue and margins this quarter? So, just how much higher is it than market expectations? So, Intel's revenue guidance for the third quarter... has a midpoint of $16.3 billion. That's $1.6 billion higher than Goldman Sachs' forecast. and also $1.2 billion higher than the market consensus. And their non-GAAP gross margin... and the guidance came in at 42%. That's higher than the expectations from Goldman Sachs and the market, respectively, That's 2.5 and 1.7 percentage points higher, respectively. Wow. That's a pretty significant beat. So, is the guidance for earnings just as impressive? Exactly. The non-GAAP earnings per share... They guided for 38 cents. That's 14 cents higher than Goldman Sachs' estimate. That's also 10 cents higher than the market consensus. So, looking at its various business segments, Both for data centers and for clients, The assumptions for both revenue and gross margin have been revised upwards. However, the adjustments for Intel's foundry business were relatively minor. Alright. And for our final segment, we're going to talk about Intel's target price, and its investment rating. and its main risk factors. So, how did Goldman Sachs arrive at this target price for Intel? And their thinking is that... So, what are the potential major catalysts for Intel's future growth? or, what are the major downside risks? Goldman Sachs is still maintaining a neutral rating on Intel's stock. And as for their 12-month price target, is also being held at $150. So, what's the logic behind this price target? It's calculated by multiplying their forecasted normalized EPS by a P/E multiple of 30. and Intel's normalized earnings per share of five dollars. Got it. So, what are the specific factors that could drive the price up or down? There are three main upside risks for the stock. First, the growth in customers for Intel's foundry business needs to exceed expectations. The second is an increase in market demand and its market share for server CPUs. needs to exceed expectations. And the third point is that its margin improvement is expected to beat forecasts. Now, on the downside, there are also two risks to consider. The first is the progress of its advanced process technology's mass production. If it falls behind schedule, that would be a risk. The second is its market share in server CPUs. if the improvement isn't as good as expected, that would also be a risk. Today, let's take a look at Intel's latest earnings report. as well as the highlights of its business. and we've also broken down some of the risks for you. So, even though their performance this quarter was indeed very impressive, However, Goldman Sachs still believes that compared to its peers, its risk-reward profile isn't the most appealing. That's why they've maintained their neutral rating. Alright, that's all for this episode. Alright, thanks for listening, everyone. We'll see you next time. Bye-bye!