UP主：AI Engineer
标题：It’s Tokens All The Way Down: How RLMs are Different — Kevin Madura, AlixPartners
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo68uCibfm8

Yep. Awesome. Thanks everyone for being
here. My name is Kevin Madura. I'm from
a company called Alex Partners. We're
we're a consulting firm. Um I'm here to
talk to you today about RLMs. Just
curious, show of hands, who here is
familiar with RLMs? So we know how much
time to spend on it. Okay. So not many.
All right. Well, that's good. So we'll
start with what an RLM is and and why
it's different. So RLM is recursive
language model. And really the the key
difference here is that it treats the
context as an object that it can
interact with symbolically in its
environment. So it differs from a tool
call in the sense that typically when
you do a tool call it's JSON or some
type of string that's being sent being
interpreted elsewhere maybe by some
other program and that's that's
returning effectively as a string. The
key difference here is that it's
interacting with a symbolic environment.
So typically that's a ripple Python
ripple. Um so that's key difference
number one. Key difference number two is
that it's it has the ability to delegate
to another LM often to itself. You can
specify whether it's the same model or a
different model, but fundamentally
because it lives in this environment,
you can offload or or make a sub call to
another LM with particular parameters
that also lives in that ripple
environment. And so you get this ability
to recursively decompose problems and
apply and have the LLM basically decide
how to apply certain logic or certain
interpretations or write its own code to
solve those problems and then that
recurses down. So the subLM can do the
same sort of thing in terms of
understanding and interpreting what it
thinks it needs to do. And I added this
last one here. It's largely bitter
lesson pilled in my opinion, right? is
and and shared by Alex and the rest of
the the creators of it. But as models
get better, you should be able to defer
more and more to the model for it to
kind of figure out on its own what it
needs to do.
So the I don't know if this is the
actual kind of starting point for RLMs.
This is one that that I consider to be
one of the the first kind of inklings of
it. This is a tweet from Omar who is
Alex's adviser um for for RLMs. And this
was a concept that he had come up with
where it was basically an ability to use
DSPI and some other techniques to take
in arbitrary
um arbitrary length inputs. And
basically the use case here would be
summarizing an arbitrarily long document
and coming up with a table of contents
and some summary of of that content. But
at least to me, this is kind of the
first inkling of okay, context windows
might not be something you need to
deliberately manage. Although there's of
course benefits to doing so, uh there
there could be ways to um to exceed the
the the context windows using some of
these clever techniques.
Uh and so if you read the paper and some
of the blog posts that are out there
from Alex and Omar, I mean it it it has
demonstrabably better performance on
some of these long context tasks. So,
ulong is one benchmark where um the the
intent of the benchmark it's is to
measure model performance on answering
questions about excessively long
context. This another one browse comp
where it needs to iterate through a
large a large body and corpus of text
and answer particular questions about
it. You can see the blue line at the top
there is the RLM. It's very good
performance as compared to some of these
other models. And even on on the price
curve, the the purple is actually just
using tool calling um with GBT5 calling
a BM25
tool. And that's actually even more
expensive for worse performance than
than an RLM. So it's worth reading into
if you're interested in in some of the
benchmarks and how RLMs perform. Um but
fundamentally uh an RLM again takes in
your input and you're kind of deferring
to the model about how to decompose the
process what code it needs to write and
it is very tightly integrated with the
ripple itself. So it it by itself
defines what it needs to do. And so I
kind of had this mental model in terms
of and I'm very DSP pipel if if you
couldn't tell by now basically a student
of of Omar and the rest of the group
there where you have this relatively
deterministic shell of what you want to
do like what what is your intent what is
your actual task that you're trying to
accomplish. You define that in terms of
your inputs and your outputs and some
type of guidance or prompt or what have
you to the model to say this is
generally what I want to achieve. go off
and do it. Here's the things that you
can expect as your input. Here's what I
want out of it. Go figure out the rest.
And so this applies for using something
like DSPI, but I think it applies to
RLMs as well because you don't have to
worry as much now about how the actual
implementation works in the middle. You
can just have some guarantees about the
inputs and the outputs and you can let
the model figure out the rest of of that
part of it.
So, a lot of this comes down to if if
you were at um I think it was code in
November in uh in New York City, Dex had
this great talk about just broader
context engineering and he he coined
something like the dumb zone which it's
kind of grayed out at the bottom there.
But the point is that we all know that
there's context rot, right? Once you
fill up the context window to a certain
degree, performance starts to degrade.
And so RLMs somewhat get around this
problem because the context itself
doesn't fill up as quickly because
you're deferring a lot of the subtasks
to the subm models and it's the full
kind of context and the inputs aren't
exposed to the context window itself. It
lives as a variable in the ripple and so
the main LM can choose how to um how to
access that. It can offload some of
these subtasks to to sublim. And really
the only context that it gets back are
the things that actually matter. So in
terms of how it's meaningfully
different, rag of course you kind of
just stuff the context window. You want
it to limit there. Agents are largely
just bringing strings back and you don't
have this tight coupling between the
logic, the execution and the results.
And so you still run into the same sort
of problem there. Same thing with tool
calling and and codec. And then RLMs as
I mentioned you're act the the LLM is
actually just interacting with the
context the results as variables in the
ripple so that it can do additional
computation on versus it trying to
attend to all these different tokens in
this in its context window. It's it's a
meaningfully different way of of the LLM
interacting with the uh the actual
content itself.
And so people always say, okay, what's
the difference between that and and
encoding agents? Um,
in my mind, the largest difference is
that the way that tool calls are tool
calls calls are done is passing strings
back and forth. Um but you can see with
the release recently of workflows that
uh Anthropic is doing something fairly
similar and they um at the CIS
conference I think it was Tar or someone
similar um mentioned the RLM paper as a
key driver of workflows and how they're
how they've implemented it. And you can
see here the intermediate results for
workflows live in script variables i.e.
a variable in the context. So, it's
driving some of these these
breakthroughs and some of these
techniques from the from the labs as
well.
I'll skip through this a bit just
because I have about 10 minutes left,
but generally speaking, when you want to
use it, it's obviously for large or
dense input context.
An underexplored area is outputs as
well. So if you have a some type of task
where you need to generate hundreds of
thousands of lines or whatever it might
be, RLMs I think would be a good
candidate for that as well. Obviously
tasks that are imunable to some type of
decomposition. So if you want to look
through the entire I don't know the
whole tax code as an example and try and
find loopholes or something. You can't
obviously put all of that into context
at once. You could use an LLM to crunch
through all of that and iteratively
explore and use sub agents to explore
interesting areas of this of the tax
code. Bring back those sections and then
reason over that and then just generally
for for longer horizon sessions. And
when you want to skip it, of course, it'
be something that fits in context. You
want something that's low latency or the
the model itself is as strong of a
coder.
And uh our friend Raymond here did some
great perfor performance testing on the
long chain of thought benchmark. Um I'll
leave this link as a as a leave behind
after, but just to give you a sense of
how well it performs on some of these
tasks. It's a meaningful jump overall
from from 2.6 to 45.4%
um accuracy on many of these tasks. And
you can see it performs really well on
things that are amanable to code. So
logic puzzles and and chess and
chemistry and things like that where it
can dynamically write code bring in only
the relevant part of the context compute
that and then return the result where
the main model is really just harvesting
the results from from the subLM and try
instead of trying to do that by itself.
Um I put together a few just super
simple examples. I mean, these are kind
of they're somewhat unfair, I suppose,
to to the base model, but it it makes
the point that there are certain tasks
that base models just aren't really fit
to do themselves because they because
they have to attend all these to
different tokens at once in the context
window where you need or want to use
some type of coding approach to that. So
in this random example, summing 12
numbers that are buried across 30,000
tokens, the LLM trying to figure all
that out by itself and give you the
answer isn't always going to work as
well as something that you can write reg
x4 or something similar. And then the
same same sort of thing particularly for
data frames and we'll walk through a
brief example here where because the LLM
can
interact with the data frame within the
ripple. It just has a much better
understanding of the content and can
iterate through that much more quickly
than having to pass tool calls back and
forth in terms of like JSON strings and
and that sort of thing.
Um, and then I threw this in there in
terms of running the same experiments
with a coding agent. Now, I didn't look
into this too deeply. There's probably
some unfair math going on here, but you
can see that it was totally bloated in
terms of the way that cloud code tried
to um tried to solve these tasks. So,
there's more work to be done there, of
course, in terms of like running
experiments to compare base models
versus RLMs versus something like a
coding agent. But there's just for
certain tasks for like production
workloads. My sense is you probably
don't want to just do cloud-p
your prompt and like hope for a good
result. Like you want more of a
structured approach to your inputs, your
outputs and you want a defined pipeline
for doing so which reduces your cost, it
reduces your complexity, reduces your
bloat, all that sort of thing. Um where
RLMs can can shine.
So in the real world there are a bunch
of different open source libraries that
implement RLMs at some level. Some of
them are more RLM focused uh like a
predict RLM would be a good example of
that versus others are kind of just
integrating it into the broader approach
or the broader framework. DSPI obviously
uh there's axe which is really
interesting work uh that's being done
there. Predict RLM is more focused on
like knowledge work. So it works with
spreadsheets and PDFs and that sort of
thing and then fast RLM. And then
there's a tweet yesterday from this guy
Sam Hogan
um where who runs inference.net. He's
using an RLM to basically run and
extract um insights from your particular
um production workload traces so that
they can see what makes sense to defer
off to something like a GLM 5.2 too and
do that iteratively and automatically as
your traffic goes through. So point
being, you don't have to worry about
context engineering. You can kind of
just throw the RLM at it and have it
figure it out. Um, I only have five
minutes left, so we won't go through
this whole example and I'll I'll skip to
some of the traces because that's
probably the most interesting. Um, but
this is all you would really need to do
in terms of a simple, in this case it's
like a a cohort retention analysis,
something that you might give to a data
scientist. But this concept of applying
an RLM to a complex data structure like
a data frame becomes very easy to do.
This is all the code you need to do it
where I'm feeding in three different
data frames. I'm saying these are the
sorts of things you need to look for.
These are the output types that I want.
and then just let the RLM go on it. And
I'll I'll show you some of the traces.
Um, and so it has its own ripple where
it can interact with those data frames.
And you can see it reasoning through.
Okay, first I need to do this. It's
writing the code. And because it's li
it's living in the ripple with the dataf
frame, you don't have this additional
bloat of the tool calls back and forth.
It's actually interacting directly with
the dataf frame as if it was typing in
its own Jupyter notebook. And there
there's significant advantages for for
doing so. And so you can see the sorts
of outputs that it gets as a result. And
it by itself will iterate. And in this
case it didn't, but it has the option to
defer to subLM to do okay. And now I
have this big whatever this big subset
of the data sublm go off and do this
analysis give me the result and it can
do that iteratively over time. Uh but
the point is that the LM is directly
interacting with the data frame in its
ripple
um and kind of iterating through the
results. And so this u this platform
compound is RLM and DSPI native. So it
gives you this really nice breakdown of
the reasoning. It separates out the code
that's being generated and ultimately
you can see
uh the final output which is here where
it's formatting. Okay, here are the key
findings that I have. Here are the
recommendations. And then you have this
final submit which is the final answer
that gives you the the typed um outputs
that you had defined up front. And the
key thing here is that the LLM itself is
deciding when to stop. So you have this
you have a variable of max iteration. So
you can just you can decide whether you
want it to have a maximum of 10 or 100
or whatever it is. But it will by itself
explore the data, understand what needs
to happen and then when it it itself is
comfortable, it can run submit and give
you the final output. Again, being
bitter or less impilled, this will get
better over time. You can kind of just
defer everything and it will figure out
what to do. And so the hope would be you
don't have to I mean we're already you
know whatever this is 20 lines of code
or something. Um, but you can you can
see a world where you can continue to go
up levels of abstraction. As long as you
can define what your objective is and
what you want it to do, the the model
will kind of figure out the rest. Uh, so
we just walk through a bunch of this,
but um these are the different steps
that it took in this example in the code
that it wrote. Um, and then I'll just
breeze through a few real world case
studies and where it's actually being
used. So I mentioned predict rm before.
So the company trampoline AI I think it
is they're doing really interesting work
in applying RLMs u like I mentioned
before for different pieces of knowledge
work. So natively interacting with PDFs
and and spreadsheets and that sort of
thing. So in this relatively simple
example okay I have a bunch of I have a
directory of invoices that I need to
create one consolidated inventory out
of.
As we all know invoices can be
complicated. that can be very long, that
can kind of be all over the place. To do
that today without RLMs or this sort of
like framework gets very complicated
very quickly. I have a lot of battle
scars to to prove it. Um, but with
something like an RLM, you you don't
need to worry as much about, okay, if I
have a 200page invoice or contract or
whatever it is, you can let the RLM just
churn through all of that and give you
the result instead of having to worry
about chunking and embedding maybe and
doing all these different strategies to
try and get around the context window
management that we've all had to to do
previously.
Um, so it allows you, the point there is
that you can focus on the abstractions
and what you actually want to do instead
of the context engineering itself, which
I think is a really helpful um, helpful
output of all of this. And an
interesting tidbit for all the DSPI fans
in the room, predict RLM uses DSPI to
determine the schemas between the main
LM and the subLM calls, which I
personally think is is a nice feature
because you have a lot more readability
and maintainability. So you understand
exactly what the model is trying to
achieve and the model can be much more
precise and prescriptive about the types
of data that it's looking for from the
subLM. And I would want to do some
experiments to test this out, but I
would think that this would improve
performance for cheaper models like a a
Quinn or some of the other ones because
you're specifying the inputs and outputs
and you're enforcing those types coming
back. And so you get all the benefits of
the RLM being able to churn through all
this information, but you have a lot
more of the structure in between where
when it's handing off to a sublm, it it
enforces some of the uh some of those
schemas.
This is an example from um an AWS
engineer from a couple days ago. We were
just kind of playing around with it, but
I just thought it was a nice example of
you can kind of just throw arbitrary
data at RLM. In this case, it was a
bunch of log data um to surface some
interesting uh results and he he found
it useful. Um there's a a project called
Halo which uses an RLM to look at traces
of um of different t uh agent tasks.
And basically the promise of Halo is
that instead of optimizing a particular
like workflow or DSPI uh or or other
framework
uh like structure itself, it's it's
actually iterating on the harness. So
it's like a meta abstraction almost or
meta optimization of the harness itself
and it uses an RLM because as we all
know tracing can get very long and and
complicated.
So the RLM can not only take in all that
context but also leverage the um the
structure of those traces to to
recommend a better um a better harness.
And then this last one uh this is all
the code you need. I ran this little
experiment. There's a an intentionally
vulnerable application called uh it's
from OASP, but basically there's a it's
a web app with a bunch of
vulnerabilities in it. This is all the
code you need on the right hand side to
run basically an agent to run through
whatever it is 500,000 lines of code to
generate some type of security report.
That's just an arbitrary example, but
the point is you don't need a lot of
context engineering. You don't need a
lot of structure around it to achieve
what you want to do. And so you can feed
in an arbitrary uh size codebase into
this and get some type of insights out.
So you can imagine that being applied to
other areas as well. Um so I know I I
rushed through everything a little bit
but I'm happy to answer questions
afterwards. Uh the I'll leave you leave
you with this. The biggest promise I see
here is just imagine a world where the
models are actually post-trained and
actually like RLM aware. I think things
will get pretty crazy pretty quick when
they actually know how to use and kind
of take advantage of the RLM methodology
natively. So, thank you so much for your
time.
