UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Total Recall: Agent Memory and Harness Engineering — Ignacio Martinez, Oracle
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs-ob87TTzg

Hello. Hello. Perfect.
>> Yep. So,
perfect. Yeah, this this volume is
perfect. It's just a website that I I
registered the domain on Saturday just
to do the registration of the workshop.
But for those of you who are going to
follow along with me, just know that
after you complete that that process in
the in the workshop, you will get an
invitation to the repository and just
view the invitation, accept it, and then
you will be able to run the workshop.
We'll be running the workshop on GitHub
Codespaces. So, if you want to start
that up, it takes like five minutes. Um,
just for reference, I'm going to use the
first 30 minutes to give you an
introduction to agent harness and lots
of other concepts and then in the next
hour and a half, we're going to go
actually go through uh the workshop
together. Sound good? Okay, perfect. And
thank you, by the way, for being here
because I know it's Monday 9:00 a.m. So,
I commend you all for for being here.
Uh just two minutes before we begin. So
I will shut up.
All right. Well, let's let's begin,
guys. So, thank you for being on this uh
at this time here with me. Um, I know
it's 9:00 a.m. like I said, so hopefully
I can and and we me and my team can make
your time worthwhile. At the end of this
session, what I would like you to leave
with is some knowledge on agent memory
and agent harnesses. How you can build
your own agent harness, which is
nowadays one of the hot topics on AI, I
would say. Um lots of people are talking
about models constantly but the thing is
that models like language models they
are the frozen part of the reasoning
right we just have to accept what we are
given and uh during the past few weeks
you will if you're following the news
you will have seen that this is this has
never been more true than now. So the
harness is what we're going to talk
about. For those of you who weren't
here,
uh you can scan this QR code or go to
that website workshopwaiting room.com
and just register. You will get an
invitation to a GitHub repo and on this
GitHub you will be able to create a
GitHub code space where we will run the
workshop
and you will have everything set up for
you. So
just little introduction on on who I am.
I've been working for Oracle for seven
years. I've been a developer advocate
for about four of them and you can find
you know my talks and I'm very active on
GitHub as well. So if you're a GitHub
user uh just check out my GitHub profile
if you like. Uh what is the highlight of
my career so far? I launched a course
with Andrew Ang on agent memory. So if
you're interested on the memory
components of what we're going to what
we are going to discuss today, you could
just check out that course if you'd
like.
Um these are the things that we are
going to uh talk through today. Right.
Uh first of all, we're going to do an
little introduction on what the agent
stack is and then we're going to zoom
into the data layer where the memory
lives. Then we're going to explore a
little bit about the shapes, the
different shapes that AI applications
take nowadays.
Uh what an agent is uh followed by the
seven different layers that make up an
agent harness. So we if you just follow
these seven different structures, you
will be able to create an agent harness,
a minimal agent harness that you can
connect any model to.
Then we're going to finally talk a
little bit about continual learning and
how as as Oracle we are uniquely
positioned to help you achieve and and
develop agent harnesses and and AI
applications.
So the agent stack and by
[clears throat] the way if you have any
questions just raise your hand. I'm very
happy to to take questions as well. So
the agent stack,
the agent stack like every agent, every
AI agent sits on on these five layers.
You either you have an application which
is the product surface, right? What we
interact with as users, you have data
and that has lots of components. You
have memory, you have knowledge, you
have retrieval, encoding, search, you
have the model itself, the reasoning
large language model that is behind
everything. Uh infrastructure which is
the orchestration, what model do we
serve depending on the reasoning effort
that we need and things like that. And
then we have compute which is the cloud
or GPUs and also the the database engine
and the application the model the
infrastructure and the compute these
four layers except for the data they are
uh increasing increasingly commoditized.
What do I mean by that? They are trying
to take away the complexity from these
layers out of out of our
domain. Right? So the thing that we have
the most control over when working with
AI applications is actually the data and
that's the part that we're going to
focus in because the agent harness
excels and you know lives very closely
with the with the data layer.
So let's focus on the on the data layer.
The data layer is where an agent harness
appears and it has you know many
components. The first component is the
gateway and MCP is interesting because
that's the one that connects an agent
harness to data and tools. So kind of
think of of a large language model like
a isolated thing that wouldn't be able
to work at all if it didn't have access
to things like data. Right? So
you you you then have like the memory
layer, the semantic layer, retrieval
layer, context layer, and tools and
skills that are built on top of the
gateway and MCP layer. Let's say for
instance that you have a I don't know an
application on your computer and your
large language model doesn't have access
to it. For instance, Outlook, right? So
if you might want to have your large
language model connect to that, you can
create an MCP, you specify some
functions and then the LLM all of a
sudden is able to communicate with this
program. So gateway and MCP is like the
layer that connects a large language
model to the outside world or the factor
to our computer or wherever you're
working.
And AI applications today they take up
four different um four different shapes
right you have LLM chat bots which are
very passive uh they just respond when
you ask a question you also have rag
applications which are semi-passive
because they have to do some kind of
processing in the background but then
you also have a passive nature of it and
then you have the more active components
of AI applications which are what we
kind of use every day like cloud code
etc etc which are a combination of LLM
driven workflows that provide automation
and AI agents that provide autonomy and
we'll go we'll we'll explain later what
what I mean by that but first I want you
to have a very clear definition of what
an AI agent is so to me an AI agent is
essentially a model large language model
plus a hardness
The model itself will be the reasoning
and everything else will be the harness.
Um so this definition is something like
this. An autonomous entity whose
cognitive functions are powered by a
large language model for reasoning. They
are augmented by a database or files for
memory. They are extended through tools
for actions and grounded in inputs that
let it p perceive uh its environment. So
an agent is a a model plus the harness.
So if the agent is the model plus the
harness in this diagram, right, we have
reasoning and the reasoning
is the part that we don't control. It's
the part that we are that's that's
heavily subsidized. the part that we
rent. If uh if you're like me, you're
subscribed to every imaginable
subscription on earth and that's the
thing that we do not control, right? We
have no control over what we are offered
and then we have memory tools and
perception that actually we get some
customiz customizability that we can do.
Um so the goal of harness engineering is
to create reliable and predictable
outputs over and over. Whereas a
reasoning model is very
non-deterministic. You might give it the
same out the same input and it might
produce different outputs every time.
Right?
So I said that you know in a AI
applications the most typical ones
nowadays cloud codeex
uh and any other type that you can think
of is a combination of automation plus
autonomy. Why? Well because automation
provides reliability to a system and
autonomy gives flexibility. And this is
a combination that is very
convenient when we are developing
ourselves. By the way, raise of hands.
Who is working as an AI engineer or as
an AI developer?
Oh my god. Okay, good. So, you must all
have used one of these systems, right?
So, all of them they have this
commonality which is they have autonomy
and they have flexibility. Um,
yeah. So the idea is that these systems
right they are built on top of an a
proprietary agent harness and an agent
harness is nothing more than everything
that we spoken about an AI agent all the
things that you need to do around that
to enable it to produce reliable and
repeatable outcomes right so the model
itself nondeterministic
same input different outputs every
But the harness, what we want to do with
the harness is to turn this
nondeterministic nature of a large
language model and be able to produce
reliable and repeatable results.
So the reasoning which is the part that
we do not control, we're not going to
focus actually the harnesses are built
on top of models that are kind of
swappable. you just need like a common
interface like an open AI protocol or
the anthropic API specification, right?
All these things make it so that the
model part is swappable and the harness
is what we're going to focus on today.
So, seven things that make up an agent
harness. And as I said, we're not going
to touch on the model layer because we
have no control over it. But let's go a
little bit more uh in detail into each
of these. Right? You need a storage
layer on your agent harness that
essentially
determines where the data is going to
live, where the memory physically lives.
uh and we'll see about this dilemma that
has been going on about the last six
months about files versus databases and
why I think a hybrid uh combination of
both is actually the best part. Then you
also have memory engineering components
which are all the encoding, the search
and the retrieval components of it.
And also the semantic layer which is
kind of the the hidden things that
happen or the hidden vocabulary that we
assume that a large language model knows
that is kind of proprietary to our
companies or our knowledge. What we
don't say to the LLM kind of that's the
semantic layer. We'll lightly touch on
agent loops and what an agent loop is
and how to implement a very very
minimalistic agent loop and finally go
about some context engineering
techniques that you know keep the window
as salient as possible the context
window as salient as possible. You want
to minimize the context window as much
as possible so that that the task that
you're solving stays relevant. So until
here we have done an introduction to
what an AI agent is right its use cases
and now we're going to dive deeper into
uh an agent harness and each one of the
individual components. So the model
layer right the frozen reasoning core I
say it's frozen because typically the
weights of a model don't change
and I say typically because uh we are
actually I'm actually in the process
with Casio sitting right there. We're
going to record a new course with Andrew
on continue learning for a agents. So if
you're interested just check that out in
a couple couple weeks. But the thing is
that 99.9% of the time you will have a
model and the weights of the model will
never change uh unless you have millions
of dollars or you know a lot of time or
GPUs it's very hard to change the
weights of a model. So there are other
ways in which you can affect the
reasoning without actually changing the
weights of the model. But this is
motivation for for the continual
learning part that we will see in the
workshop.
where does the memory live right the
files versus databases dilemma that
we've been having uh since January kind
of some people are very maximalists of
files and some of us are well oh I will
not include myself but some of some
people are also maximalists of the
database um and you know both things are
right files have convenient things
convenient characteristics and also the
databases So the files right they are
very easy to
like they are very they match the
model's instincts they are very easy to
create they are very easy to insert and
append data into files right it's very
it has a very unstructured nature to it
and databases on the other hand or the
conception that people have is that they
have a very structured way right but
that's when you're thinking about SQL
like SQL And the thing is that you don't
actually need to
like choose one or the other. You can
actually use both of them. Like files
are attractive because the models picks
them and they kind of work very very
easily with operating systems. They
follow posic semantics. So they are
compatible on Debian, Ubuntu, any other
operating system that you might want.
And they also have some disadvantages.
for instance they don't have
transactional consistency. So this is uh
one of the problems that I wanted to
talk about. If
you are a degenerate like me and you are
working I don't know with 8 16 32 agents
at a time. Uh the problem with this is
that files cannot be modified and
inserted and modified at the same time.
So what is the solution nowadays
to not having transactional consistency
and working with files? Any suggestions?
>> Work trees. Exa. Exactly. So agents what
they when they want to modify a file but
another agent is working on this thing,
they just create a different work tree,
right? They will do all the progress in
the work tree and then after the
implementation is done they will merge
to master or the merge to main sorry. So
this is the way that is a workaround
against not having transactional
consistency right and you also have
other characteristics like for instance
hybrid search um this is not available
on files but is very very easily
achieved on databases. Um you don't have
backups either. So if your operating
system gets corrupted or something, you
will just lose everything. And these are
things that the database fixed 354 years
ago and people have kind of forgotten
about that. So what I want to do is to
give you kind of the best of each
of the of the implementations, right?
You can get the benefits of files and
the benefits of databases in the same
place. And we'll see why. But these are
some of the advantages, right? You have
acid consistency.
So atomic operations, consistent
operations, isolated and durable. You
have high availability. You might
replicate the database and let it be,
you know, in three different places in
the world with a replication factor. You
also have vector search, which is very
easy. In files, you just have to do like
regular expression matching or a
derivative of that.
and you know lots of other lots of other
things. So
what we will do on the on the actual
workshop is we're going to run an actual
example of trying to modify a file with
three different agents that will be
working on the same file and trying to
update a counter on this file and let's
see who's faster. I know the answer of
course but you will you'll get to know
it later.
But what I want to introduce to you is
that we have a thing called the Oracle
DBFS or the database file system where
you can store files inside the database
on a file system and that gives you you
know lots of the advantages that we
said. You will get files with acid trans
uh transactional consistency. You will
get vector search relations security
high availability etc. Right?
And my suggestion is that since a hybrid
system works best um we can have things
like for instance uh short-term memory
right that lives in files and when
something needs to be promoted into a
long-term memory for instance user
preferences things like this they can go
into a more structured space like a
database and this is what we'll do in
the workshop
for the encoding the search and the
retrieval which was another of the
components
in the agent harness. We also have a
lang chain integration that I want to
mention called langchain Oracle DB that
makes it very easy to insert into vector
stores, search in the vector stores and
retrieve from the vector stores. So also
we have another thing called in database
embeddings. Have you ever heard about in
database embeddings? Yes. Okay. So in
database embeddings is very convenient
especially for enterprise customers
because you will get the embedding model
inside the database so that when you're
doing embeddings you don't have to call
a third party service and that's very
convenient for isolate like data
retention and data security purposes.
So this is what a an an embedding
searching and reranking model would look
like from a chatbot interface for
instance right you have a lot of
documents then you kind of use a
benccoder so a benccoder is essentially
an embedding model you will create eno
embeddings out of these document you
will split them and create vectors put
it into a vector store right and then
you will get a user prompt a user query
a question you can also create an
embedding out of that and then compare
it to what you had previously on your
vector store. And this is how you get
the most relevant
vectors in in an answer. Then you will
run an a cross encoder which is a
reranker and take a look at the question
plus the result and that's how questions
are answered kind of in in in rag
applications. Right? So these things we
are also going to to touch briefly on
the workshop
and the things that you know imagine
this rag application from the beginning
from the documents you create you do
lots of things right you do tokenization
then you create the embeddings um you
have to do things like the duplicating
the data normalization
uh personal like redacting personally
identifiable information lots of things
right and then on your on your store you
have textual data from the documents you
have metadata which is typically stored
in JSON you have vectors which are
represented as as dense embeddings of 32
uh bits
like you have so many types of data that
you need to work on that typically what
people have is for instance I don't know
I will not name names so I don't get in
trouble but you know you might need like
different databases for each one of
these, right? You you get what I mean?
So there is a very high nowadays very
high data synchronization logic overhead
for AI engineers or even for agents,
right? So lots of maintenance required
and and and lots of engineering effort
on it. And this is something that we
want to avoid. So what I want you to do
today is just to try us out as Oracle.
Uh try our database. We have support for
every type of data imaginable that you
can think of. Um we are called the
converg database. We are the only
converg database in the market that we
support JSON, we support relational, we
support uh spatial, graph, JSON,
anything that you can think of you'll be
able to to create with us and you'll get
like one database engine uh one query
interface and uh one single development
stack. everything will be in the same
database. So also for data security
purposes, you just have to
you know secure and save all your data
in one place. So a single attack vector
is what you need to worry about. You
don't need to worry about updating five
different database. You can just worry
on securing one database.
So we can be the engine of your AI
applications, not just a single step,
which is what people think of when
they're working with databases, right?
Um,
yeah. So
agent memory,
agent memory is essentially a
description of all the mechanisms and
the systems that allow an agent to
retain, reuse, refine and recall
information. We want to reuse the data
and refine it in the process. But we
want to reuse the data. So that the next
time that an agent or us as engineers we
are working on a problem that took us
three hours, the next time that we
observe this problem, the problem
becomes easier either for AI agents or
for us.
And agent memory has lots of lots of
components, right? We have short-term
memory, we have long-term memory, and
then we have shared memory, which is
something that's relatively new. Um and
this shared memory is kind of what
happens when a sub agent is communicate
with it is communicating with it with
its parent for instance or two agents
are trying to collaborate on solving one
specific problem uh together and then
what I want you to to see is that
depending on the type of memory or or or
the type of thing that we want to store
it will be in one place or the other
right so short-term memory is kind of
ephemeral is very shortlived
And it's very useful for things that are
happening right now. For instance, the
to-do list on a coding agent, right?
It's happening right now, but you
actually don't want to save that u you
know in long term. But then there are
things like for instance episodic memory
things that previous conversations that
you've had that's very useful to have
for instance um I don't know if you if
you use clot some people are using cloud
um here uh but in in cloud you might
take your previous conversations and try
to refine all your workflows and your
skills based on the things that you've
done in the past. So this is something
that makes sense to to save in the long
run, right? You also have things like
procedural memory, previous workflows
that have worked very well for your
system. For instance, you worked on this
front end and then you created a very
beautiful design that you like. You
might take the whole conversation and
turn that into a workflow that is
repeatable and re reusable so that the
next time you're working on a front end
the results will be similar to the
previous one. Right? So these are the
things that we we will see on the
workshop
and some people say okay why do I even
need all of these like people that are
very that have animosity towards agent
memory people say okay let's just put
like 15 million uh context window even
though it's not not possible yet but
some people really believe that this is
the the thing right but the context
window is a type of short-term memory so
it's useful for some things but not for
all of them. And one of the problems
that that happen with with working with
a with a context is this thing called
context rot or context degradation over
time. And what happens is that the more
things that you put into the context
window, the less attention there will be
for each one of the things that are in
the context. So at the beginning of a
conversation and this is a a famous
problem that that the context window has
is at the beginning of the conversation
it will stay on track a lot because you
are just you just started the
conversation. So let's say that for
instance like in school, right? Or if
I'm having a conversation with you, um I
might have the a chat with you for 30
minutes and your attention to me is very
very high because I just started
speaking. But if the conversation goes
on for eight hours, then you want to
punch me, right? Because I haven't shut
up and you haven't learned almost
anything at the end. And the the problem
is that attention like us humans is very
limited. So the more things that you put
in the context window, the attention
matrix of the neural network will all
also degrade and it will like scale
quadratically because the attention
matrix you know is one token. It's
essentially a reference of one token for
every other token in the context window.
So the bigger the context window is, the
matrix scales on the number of rows and
on the number of columns as well, which
is a problem. So you want to keep the
context window as small as possible to
avoid context rot
and memory engineering the components of
memory engineering. Um so it's like
designing building and doing everything
around building agent memory for AI
agents and we want to retain recall
reuse and refine this data in some type
in some way. So it is a discipline right
and here we have Valentine for instance
and we have people from Oracle uh my
colleagues all over the the room. So if
you see them you can say hi to them.
Valentine here he's working on the
development or he worked on the
development of this agent memory
package. So if you have any questions
about this you can ask him. Um, OAMP or
Oracle agent memory package is the
managed answer that we have in Oracle to
lots of the problems that you will find
when working with this type of data. For
instance,
as an engineer, if you do not have a
managed solution, you need to make a lot
of decisions. You need to see when do I
do context compaction, when do I
summarize,
how do I write it, the summarizer, what
do I keep, what do I not keep, um what
do I extract from my previous
conversations and when,
how many tokens do I use for this
problem and lots of these things, right?
With OAMP, an Oracle agent memory
package, you can actually just do all of
this in one single line of code. And we
want to make it easier so that we reduce
the cognitive load of AI engineers and
AI agents as well. And with this context
card uh thing, you will get something
like what you see on the left. And
this is kind of an explanation of what
each part does on it. But essentially
the the topics uh that you see for
instance from any conversation you can
create a context uh card from the thread
or from the conversation. The topics
will orient the model. The summary will
compact the thread and it will state the
current intent of an AI agent and the
relevant information has three different
parts which is the the facts, the
preferences and the memories that are
associated to this conversation.
uh then you have the episodic memories
that explicit explicitly track the
unanswered question that is going on
right now and the recent messages give
like local context to the model. So
whenever you're feeling like unsure what
do I need to do right now with the data
that I have or this conversation you
might use the Oracle agent memory
package on on Python and it is all
assembled by one single call.
>> Yes.
So you're not suggesting that this goes
directly into the model. This is
actually something that is used by the
harness.
>> Exactly.
>> What's going into the model?
>> Yes. Yes.
>> The component that you're talking about
that uses it knows about the structure.
>> Exactly. Exactly. So this structure
>> this is an abstraction that we build on
top of the model because the model we
have no control over in most cases,
right? Um
the thing is that we can build on top of
that whatever abstractions we want to
make the model perform as reliable as
reliably as possible. Yep.
So the memory and the semantic layer
they kind of work together. We I know we
talked only about memory components. Uh
I'm going to walk you quickly because
I'm I don't have a lot of time um to the
semantic layer to the semantic
components of it. Right? And the
semantic layer is the the meaning of
what's going on behind it that you kind
of assume that that happens. Right? So
anyone from Germany?
Okay. So I apologize for my
pronunciation but I'm going to try. So
the is like the ambient of a model and
this was coined by Jacob von Wexul.
Um and this guy said that essentially
every organism in the world uh that is
living perceives its reality through a
lens and the lens is what it has access
to. For us humans for instance, we have
our eyes, our senses, right? So
everything that we perceive and
everything that we leave, all our
experiences are seen through this lens,
right? And an agent doesn't have human
like senses, but it has also a kind of
semantic layer or a semantic lens that
everything that you ask it is filtered
through. And this lens is essentially
what you train it with. And then what
you also give context to. So everything
that you talk to the agent right when
you talk to the agent this agent will
look it through the belvelt
and the semantic layer is essentially
the agent's velvet.
So the onset is what what what I want to
focus on like for instance
organizational knowledge or enterprise
knowledge things that when you're
working with a colleague you don't
mention this because this is already you
know known between you and your
colleague you need to specify everything
that you work on every day. If there was
someone else like a a child that wanted
to that [clears throat] wanted to start
uh working with you, you would have to
specify everything very very in detail.
These are all the answers and this is
what the semantic layer captures. So the
answer is the actual tribal knowledge
that that an enterprise has right
institutional knowledge as well like how
the data is modeled, how the queries are
executed, what is the metadata, all
these things are in the semantic layer.
Um and quickly just for you to know that
we're also going to implement a very
minimalistic agent loop. And an agent
loop is like the driver of the model,
right? It lets a model be kind of
independent and autonomous
and it is what makes a model it it turns
a model into an agent, right?
And this is like the simplest agent look
that you can find is kind of this
observing and reasoning and then acting
part that happens all of the time. All
of the time. And you know it's it has to
be failure uh failure resistant so that
we never exit the loop. This is the idea
that the agent you give autonomy to the
agent. Well you give autonomy to the
model so that it becomes the agent.
And then on the context engineering part
which is the last part of the seven
layers of an agent harness. You also
have lots of things that you can do. For
instance, the toolbox pattern and the
skillbox pattern which we are this is on
the workshop as well. And these are ways
in which you can store the available
tools and the available skills of a
model so that they are retrieved
optimally. And what you want to do is
only
retrieve the tools and the the skills
when they are actually needed and put it
on the context window only when needed.
every iteration of an agent loop you
will see if this is actually the right
place and then if it's not you can just
take them out temporarily
so
uh oh sorry I thought I saw a question
so we will see all of this in the
workshop I don't want to take up too
much time but the idea is that we will
assemble the context at every iteration
on the agent loop
and then continue learning is the part
that that we talked before about the
ability to get better over time with the
things that we've done with a model,
right? So a frozen model as we saw it
doesn't get better, right? But there are
ways in which we can make an agent
improve in the weights which is the
parts that we are going to work on uh in
the representation part. So on the
embedding and the reranking part and
also in the context window
and these are the three types of
continual learning techniques. We are
going to focus on the workshop on the
context and the token space because it's
one of the easiest ones and one of the
least expensive ones as well. I assume
no one is a millionaire or not many of
us are millionaires. So this is also the
most achievable and the most realistic
way to change the model behavior over
time.
So
without further ado, I just want to
introduce you to this part which is
skill promotion and workflow workflow
promotion. So those skills or those
workflows that you've done for three
four hours, right? you've been working
for the whole day on a workflow,
you were able to successfully do your
job. Um, and then these things can
actually be retrieved, they can be
stored into the memory components that
we'll see. And then we will see about
skill promotion. So if we promote a
skill for instance, we can promote it
through a distillation process and
create a better skill.md than the
original. So we will retire the old
version and update from the new version.
And this allows us to do some kind of
continual learning on our own skills
that turn them into more customized
skills for ourselves, for our tone, our
way to work, our preferred like our
preferences. Like for instance, let's
use this specific library because I
really like the look and feel of it.
let's use this uh specific database
engine because it has less bugs or I
found it easier to work with. All these
things can be promoted into reusable and
improvable skills over time.
So
this is what the whole harness would
look like at the end of the of the
workflow uh sorry at the end of the
workshop and hopefully what you leave
this uh you'll leave today with a better
understanding of all the specific
components that make up an agent
harness.
So let me go to
here before I forget. If you are
interested in the Oracle agent memory
package or are working on the agent
memory package, we have a discord server
in which you can just chat with us as
stuff. If you're a Discord user, just
feel free to to join this discord
server. I'll put the link later as well.
But without further ado, let's begin
with the actual workshop and I will tell
you how. So let me show you first what
we are going to build right this is an
app book. Oh sorry uh you don't see
this.
>> Yeah.
First, yes, the workshop instructions,
right? So, for those of you who weren't
here, you can just go into this website,
register with your GitHub user, and then
you will get an invitation like this to
a GitHub repo and from here we will
create a GitHub code space. Uh, so
please make sure to do that right now
and all my colleagues are are around the
room to answer any questions that you
might have during the creation of the
code space, etc.
Yes. Yeah.
>> The internet. Are you having issues with
the with the internet?
>> Okay. Let's see.
>> So, do you guys have my the same Wi-Fi?
Um, AI.gineer Wi-Fi.
Okay. So, can someone assist people with
the Wi-Fi if possible?
Whether you can help each and every one
of us, you need to fix the system.
>> Yeah, please fix the system. Whoever
>> do it.
>> I can't I can't.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh my colleagues will we'll
take a look at that if
>> Right.
Yeah. Yeah. It always happens, you know.
>> Yep.
>> All right.
>> Say again, sir. slides that you were
showing or they
>> Yes, they will go into the AI I believe
they they will go into the AI engineer.
So, if you go into the session,
uh I'll make sure to to to go there. If
not, if you either join the discord or
any other, you know, you can just
message me as well on LinkedIn. I'll
gladly give you the the slides if you
want.
All right. Um,
video team, can you turn me on? Uh,
sorry, switch me on, please.
Uh, oh, perfect. Thank you. So, what I'd
like you to to show you is that we have
built also apart from the notebook that
we're going to go through, we also built
this app book. And with the app book,
you can actually test every of the
individual components of an agent
harness uh individually, right? So just
for me to show you that this is possible
and you will get this automatically
deployed in GitHub code spaces as well.
So you will have um this uh already
deployed and you will say well how am I
actually making requests? We are going
to be making requests to
uh Oracle. Uh oh.
Okay. Not file. Demo time. Um the idea
is that
Yeah. Okay. I I know what's happening.
So I lost connection to my to my code
space because of inactivity. Let me
restart.
Uh this appbook is going to allow you to
create and chat and interact with the
whole agent harness and the models that
we're going to use are actually deployed
on a managed service that we have on
Oracle called OCI the generative AI
service. We have partnerships with
Google, with Meta and with OpenAI and
with XAI for the time being. And we can
actually provide inference to their
models through our managed uh server. So
think of us as the
enterprise open router if you'd like. So
let me just go so you get started. Uh
you can get started. This is the repo,
right? So the agent harness workshop. If
you're here and thank you for starting
that by the way. Um if you're here you
just have to click on open in GitHub
code spaces and it will take you here
and you can select as many course as you
like.
uh if you so if you want to create this
with eight or 16 please don't because I
I don't I'm paying for this myself but
uh you might also create this with more
resources but just create the code space
and I'm going to pay for it as I said so
don't worry about that and this will
create a new
a new code space instance and once it
finishes
which it hasn't yet I will show you what
we can do with the appbook and the
notebook. But the idea is to use the
remainder of the time that we have 1
hour and 15 minutes to go through the
notebook and you will actually have to
let me show you on on GitHub actually.
Um you can go here and inside the
notebook after you deploy the code space
you will get uh a student notebook here
and this is one part of the of the
workshop right and here we're going to
implement the whole agent harness
substrate
from scratch. So, we're going to start
with only the model and then we're going
to keep adding layers to the agent
harness as we saw the seven layers,
right?
And we're going to be here to to assist
you. You will have to do some to-dos.
So, let me show you. There are a couple
of things to do for you.
So, for instance, the first thing that
you need to do, you need to create a
question, right? The simplest thing of
everything, you just have to communicate
with a model with no agent harness
implemented, right? So the first thing
you'll need is to ask any question that
you like. This will go through the
OpenAI completions API and it will
return you a response. This is the
simplest of all. And then we will start
adding search, retrieval, encoding
and all the other components that we
that we have seen. There are a total of
19 things that you need to do. If you
finish first, raise your hand and
I will give you a hug because I don't
have anything else.
And yeah, so anyone already deployed the
code space?
Okay, one person. Okay, good job. So
any yeah, if you have any questions or
any problems, uh, let me know. But this
is what it looks like when you have it
deployed. Okay. So, let me go through
this quickly.
So, you will get an app, right?
>> Um, and the app will already have
everything that you need. If you want to
deploy this app
yourself, you might change this total
recall port here.
Let me show you how I did it again. I go
into ports. I clicked on the visibility
of the port and I changed this to
public.
And then this is now using a public
gateway. So that if I open the browser,
I can actually get access to my
individual u total recall instance. So
for instance, if I ask a question
like show the total revenue by product
category and of course this is mission
control. So this is this has all of the
components that we've uh spoken about
implemented already. You will get also a
context window visualization of the
things that are going on on the
background. For instance, these are the
tools that were selected by the agent
harness to be loaded into the context to
answer this question. This is the schema
that's happening. And then we can also
take a look at the individual agent
traces that are going on. For instance,
which skills, which skills are being
loaded, what sources of data are we
taking and what are the tool calls being
used like for instance running SQL
commands etc to answer your question. So
the question is still being built. It's
taking 16 steps
and you know it's gonna for instance
here it detected an error right but
because our agent harness is
um fault tolerant it will keep trying
because it's part it has an agent loop
implemented etc right so all these
things will actually yield you this
result uh from from the data in the
database right and you can actually go
into the context window see how many
tokens we're using And if you're
particularly interested in some of these
parts for instance the Oracle Asian
memory package for instance you can
interact also with only the uh the
context card how to how the context card
is being created etc etc. So you will
all get this deployed in your codebase.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
So his question for those of you who
didn't uh listen where what happens if
you have thousands of tools in an
organization right well we introduced
this concept called the toolbox pattern
in this course with Andrew Yang and the
thing is that you can optimize so that
the retrieval of these tools is
negligible. So you will use uh
hierarchical navigable small world
indexes that use a graph u a graph
structure and then each node in the
graph is a vector index or a vector
store and then you can actually like
hnssw indexes they can be create created
for these types of problems only in the
database not not in files. Um, so great
question. It doesn't have to worry you
until you reach millions and millions of
users and tool calls like different
specific tool calls. You might not get 5
million. It's more like reading a file,
writing a file, grapping, all these
kinds of tool calls that that that we do
every day, they typically don't ex like
exceed 100 or a thousand. Um but by
being on a vector store you abstract the
complexity uh the complexity and the
amount of it. You can just make a a
query 2,000 just as simply as you would
10,000 because of the storage component
that we we choose it which is an HNSW
index.
Yeah, some of them they have access to
confidential data for instance. Some of
them don't.
Yes.
>> Great question. So his question was what
happens if the tool descriptions that
two different companies have are very
similar, right? And one of the things we
we can do on the toolbox pattern is
actually generate with LLM enhanced
toolbox descriptions for these for
specific tools to increase the
separability of the of the tools. So if
you think that the current descriptions
of a tool or of a skill as well are not
enough, you can actually enhance them
with LLM retrieval like you would uh
instead of running for instance named
entity recognition which is very uh
caveman style. You can also do something
more sophisticated which is enhancing
the kind of like dock string uh enhanced
representations of a tool so that you
increase the separability when you're
doing vector search.
Does that answer the question?
the agent loop is that?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh yes. Yes.
We have seen some.
>> Yes. So there there is a there is a
limit of course because we don't have
infinite money. So we can't just keep
trying and trying over and over if the
generations are just hallucinations
right. Uh there is a cutff point that I
set depending on the frontier LLM that
I'm using for instance for Grog 4.1 fast
reasoning which is the one that we're
using here. Um I found that a value of 8
to 12 like maximum number of tool calls
before giving up is correct. Uh depends
also on the on the accuracy and the and
the correctness of the model like for
instance in this case it was just able
to to to to show it in two before it was
able to find it in 16. So t sometimes it
will have a faster retrieval, sometimes
you will need to be a little bit more
patient. But what I like to define is a
variable like a hysterosis variable that
holds the amount of patience that the
harness will get with the model. Then
you can do some other things like for
instance if the model is garbage. You
can just use or use like a router for
more different like for difficult types
of problems you will route this problem
to a frontier LLM and then for the
easier types of problems you can just
attach an open weights SLM for instance
which will be more more interesting.
>> Do you recommend models for
>> Yes. Yes. I think that's like my
personal opinion is that the future is a
mixture of small experts for for each
type of problem. some companies that
they have developed like a 100 million
parameter models that work exceptionally
well for one type of problem and if you
just have an aggregator and an
orchestrator that routes the correct
model to that like the correct query to
that model then you will have a very
token efficient type of uh agent
harness. So you you can actually do
model routing inside the agent harness.
Some companies are actually
essentially only doing that and they
will charge you like let's do I'm going
to charge you 10% of the tokens that I'm
going to save you from the original uh
amount of money that you were going to
spend right uh so let's uh let me show
you the the student notebook right so
once you are inside the student notebook
for those of you who are not familiar
with Visual Studio Code you might need
to select a kernel here so that you run
the the notebook. So you might select
Python 3.12 here and then you can just
start reading. If you stumble into a
to-do that you need to do, you have a
docs folder with all the explanations,
the individual explanations that you
need to solve this specific problem. For
instance, the first to-do which is just
talking to the reasoning core to the
model layer without doing anything else.
It will just explain what you need to
implement on that sale so that it works
and you can proceed to the next one
and also have the solution. But if you
if you're not lazy, you will try and
hope that you that you try and we will
be here answering questions around the
room. I'm gonna turn off my microphone,
just come down with my colleagues and
then let's chat about it uh for the
remainder of the of the session. And if
you have any questions or you like to
talk um more to us, please come by and
and swing by the booth, the Oracle
booth. We'll be there every day uh all
the time. And you know, it makes it
makes us feel good like we are wanted
and we have friends. So if you want to
come up to us, just chat with us a
little bit. It it will be nice.
>> Internet. How is the internet?
>> I feel like Cesar. Right.
So, I'm gonna leave this here. I'm going
to keep this here. And I'm going to come
down.
>> [music]
