UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Stop Chunking Like It's 2022 — Yuval Belfer, AI21 Labs
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9OwPx_HoV0

[music]
Hi everybody. Uh thank you for coming
today. Uh welcome to a talk about
nothing. Sorry, a talk about retrieval.
Uh my name is Yuval. I work at AI21
which is essentially an AI research lab.
And today I want to talk to you about
something that most people don't want to
talk about which is chunking. And I hope
to convince you by the end that chunking
isn't dead and there is something to do
with that. And really if you are at Axe
LinkedIn wherever you probably seen that
rug is dead right I think people also
killed MCP lately and Rag is dead again.
Long live identic retrieval, identic
search and there is come a time where
you have to ask yourself how many times
can Rag die right and even when someone
says well ra isn't dead like Jerry the
CEO of Llama index they still have to
kill something and apparently this
something is chunking like don't invest
in it don't do it and this is the reason
that People said that chunking is dead
because everybody's using agentic search
now, right? You have gs, you have ls,
you have finds. All of these are great,
but these are still not enough if you
have a lot of data and you have various
amount of queries.
Just the second. Okay. And I think that
the main reason that a lot of people
don't like to talk about chunking, it's
because it's not the fun part, right? In
every rag or files system we have two
stages. The first stage is the like the
boring one as you may the one you do in
the beginning you have a lot of data you
have to pre-process it you have to
decide on the chunk size and then you
have to store everything in a vector DB
the other part is the retrieval part
essentially the the one that happens per
query this is something which is much
easier to do right it's much easier to
optimize you can use all your queries
and then you can play with the max k uh
top k sorry you can uh play with a
hybrid search maybe those kind of things
much more fun to do retrieval tuning
right h so I will claim that if we have
to kill something if something has to be
dead then it's probably retrieval tuning
and yes agentic search probably killed
that
and but still agentic search even if we
can accept the fact that it killed
retrieval tuning it's still not good
enough when you have a lot of right
scale a lot of data it costs a lot of
money I don't think I have to mention
that anymore token maxing is like
something that everybody's talking about
and the thing underneath which is if the
data itself is not ordered in a right
way in your folders in your directories
you still get something which is
inefficient so let's try to think of a
like a timely example right the FIFA
World Cup is now. And let's imagine that
we have a data set that contains of all
the FIFA World Cup. So every directory
is the let's say the 98 one, the 2002
one and so on and so on. But if your
query asks
how which team won the most World Cups,
you can't just go to a folder and ask
that. You have to go to every folder,
see who won, and then aggregate this
together, which is very inefficient.
The answer by the way is Brazil. I hope
at least according to
yeah according to the time that this uh
conversation is happening.
So retrieval didn't actually die. Okay,
we're not killing anything in this
lecture. It is got devoted into
plumbing. And I think that everybody who
worked on any rug system know the
feeling. day one or week one or maybe
even month one if you're very thorough.
You're picking some sort of a chunk
size. Let's say 512
and maybe you're probably putting some
overlap right 10 20% so on indexing
everything and forget all about it. And
you can right we talk a lot about the
fixed chunking strategies where if your
chunk something which is too big right
so you get the whole picture which is
nice but you're losing a lot of the
nuance and all the chunks will not get
meaningful embeddings where if you will
choose your chunks to be too small
you're getting the big picture lost and
really it won't be as efficient. So what
this tells us is that chunking is
essentially a lossy compression. No
matter what we're doing, we're losing
something. And I will I will claim that
there is no right chunk size. And a lot
of you who worked on data will say, "No,
but we have this corpus. We have this
data set and we really used and we
optimized our system to work very very
well on this data." And we thought so
too. We had a lot of experience with it
with a lot of different types of agents
and systems and workflows that you can
really and right you think about
benchmarks how easy it is to overfit
your model to a benchmark but not with
rug it doesn't happen there and you
cannot really optimize it per data set
and I will claim that it is query
dependent and how can I be so sure how
can I claim such a thing because we ran
experiments and we tested And now I'm
going to present it to you. So what we
did instead of saying what is the best
chunk size per data let's find out let's
let's actually take a data set and
duplicate this data set several times.
In this case six times in every
duplication in every instance the chunk
size is different. So we have a database
with a chunk size of 2,00 a database
with a chunk size of 1,000 and so on and
so on.
And we did it with several data sets. So
QM sum which is a meeting transcript
data set, narrative QA which is question
answering on novels and Seinfeld data
set which is a trivia about nothing. Not
really. It's a trivia trivia questions
about the transcripts of Seinfeld. It's
a kind of a trolling data set that we
built uh in-house. We also published it
if anybody wants the link at the end.
And we tested on all of them to see what
happens. And first of all, we just
wanted to see for every data set which
chunk size is the best. And what we're
seeing here is an example from the
Seinfold data set where essentially two
queries which are different by nature
get different results uh based on the
chunk size. So the first question what
is the name for Jerry's favorite church?
You can see this is a very focused
question very specific question. The
answer to it is probably very contained
and this is something that a smaller
chunk size will do best in. And you can
see uh rank one versus rank below 50. uh
between 100 tokens fixed at chunk size
to 100 whereas a question like who does
Jerry describe as his nemesis and pure
evil which I'm not even that big of a
Seinfeld fan and I know it's Newman but
if you look at the transcript it's not
something you can find that easily and
you can see that it really changes right
if you use small chunk size you will not
get the answer
and what we did to really after we ran
all of these things and we've noticed
that we said what if we had an oracle or
a genie if you want that can tell us for
every query what is the best chunk size
to do retrieval for this essentially is
the Oracle experiment this is what we
wanted to know to see the potential this
is not right we already have the answers
so we're not actually building a system
here we just want to see what is the
potential that we have here and what you
can see here. Okay, in this uh graph all
the blue, first of all, the yaxis is the
recall. Higher is better. The x-axis is
the number of retrieved chunks. So, it's
recall at K versus K. You can see all
the blue lines probably
indistinguishable, but each of them is
the performance for a fixed chunk size,
whereas the orange one is the oracle
line. This is for every query, we took
the best one out of these. And you can
see it happens across several data sets.
In a lot of them, you can actually see
that the blue lines inter intersect with
each other. Meaning that indeed for a
lot of the data sets, no chunk size
actually dominates. And what's more
interesting is that there's a lot of
potential. The gap which you can see
between the orange line and all the blue
lines is big. And when I say big, it's
something like 20 to 40%
just from doing strategy on chunking and
very simple strategy may I add. And this
is like that this gap this is what the
choice of 512 or a thousand or whatever
right this number is just arbitrary.
this is what it costs you.
And I think that the problem here is
like it's a bit tricky because it's kind
of like an information problem that we
don't have the information that we need
at every stage. And what do I mean by
that? If I'm looking at the indexing
part where I do have control over the
chunk size, I don't know what the
queries will be. I can guess, I can
maybe estimate, I I can try but I don't
know what the queries will be. So I
cannot adjust my chunk size accordingly.
And the retrieval part where I do have
my queries, I cannot control the chunk
size, right? It's already fixed and I
obviously will not do the entire process
per query from the beginning.
So we looked at prior works such as
notably entropic contextual retrieval
where they en enrich every chunk and
others that essentially try to improve
the latent space of every chunk. But
this is not the direction that we went.
All of them just stayed in the model of
let's work with a fixed chunk size.
Whereas we took a different approach and
we said why commit to one where we can
commit to several and we call it the
multiscale indexing essentially we're
just doing what we've seen before. So
we're checking the database. We
duplicate it and chunk it uh with
several
chunk chunk sizes or window sizes and
then sorry um and then this is what
happens at the indexing and then at
retrieval time we are querying all of
them. So if we had n
duplicates of database n window sizes we
now have to run six different retrieval
calls per query. Sorry, six is n.
And how do we combine them? We obviously
cannot use the oracle, right? The oracle
is something that we have just for
potential. In real life, we don't know
the answer. Uh but what we can do is to
find some sort of merging algorithm. Now
you would say when we look at it like
this, what can be the issue? the fact
that we have n ranking but the rankings
are for chunks and chunks with different
sizes are not really comparable right so
instead we opted to do something which
is pretty popular these days and a lot
of the rug systems actually work like
this that instead of just retrieving the
chunk when we're getting a chunk we're
retrieving the entire document right
when context window grows we want to
give more and more context and now in
this case we have n right n uh rankings
of the same documents because there are
not chunks anymore and this we can
compare and in this case you can think
of retrieval as essentially just voting
right so it's not pure ranking we don't
have round ranking and then we're doing
it rerank we're having n different ranks
of the relevant documents and we want to
aggregate them all into one
that's why we are using something called
rf receive reciprocal rank fusion, okay,
which is pretty much a simple formula.
We tried several things. This worked the
best. And as you can see, it's not a
model. It's not something that you have
to do specifically like especially this
is just a simple script that takes
really no time. And this is how the full
uh how the full system looks like. So we
have the indexing end times. Then uh we
query each query from every database and
we're using RRF to combine them all
and the results you can guess that
they're good otherwise I would not uh
standing here and uh being way too much
uh
confident right but you can see we
tested across several data sets QM sam
narrative QA Seinfeld and also Finance
Bench we took all of them and it matches
the best or bits the best fixed size.
Let's see it in a graph. It's a bit hard
to see here, so I'll walk it slowly.
Every row here is a chunk size. So you
can see 50, 100, and so on. The bottom
row is our method. This one, the one
that you do from all of them and then
combine. And the every column is recall
at something. So recall at one two three
up until 10. What you can see here is
that two things right. First of all that
across like recall at whatever h our
method still wins which you can think is
very easy but the fact that you have to
combine all of them is not very it's not
something which is very trivial and also
you can see that the quality actually
increases the heat map where you can see
it become much greener and again this
was just something that I wanted to show
in large here you can see all four of
the data sets where we do achieve better
results results u really quite like 20
30 40% even in a lot of the things h
also there are results that I did not
show you here uh which are on MTB um you
can see in our blog I will put the link
later we're getting there also a lot of
improvements somewhere between 10 to 40%
depending on the data set
now I'm I'm not naive I'm not going to
claim here that this costs nothing
obviously There is a cost, right? No
free lunches. Everything has to come
with something. And yes, this costs with
extra memory. It costs something between
two to five to all of one, right? A
constant of additional memory where you
have to keep all of those uh all those
copies of the database. However, if you
think about it latency wise, it doesn't
really affect that because you can do
all the retrieval partly
and also the RRF part doesn't really
take a lot of time.
I will say that this was a very nice
research project that we did and we got
really really cool results. There are
things to do right there are places to
improve. There are future work to do.
More precisely, we want to understand
how many chunk sizes do we want and and
which right the fact that we worked with
50, 100, 200 and so on was pretty
arbitrary to be honest. So, we do need
to figure out how to compute this and
how to know how many copies exactly do
you need. Also go beyond RF, right? the
fact that we're using RF is because it
worked the best from the methods that we
used, but it doesn't mean that there is
no better method.
And if I need to leave you with
something, I would say that agents
didn't kill retrieval.
Nothing died. Come on. It's just
infrastructure. And the part the bad bad
part is that it's infrastructure from
2022. And with really simple simple
methods, you can take your rag system or
anything that has to do with storing
data and then retrieve it with 20 to 40%
again without any
something too sophisticated.
So if you uh want to hear more about
read more about it, you can read the
blog. There is also an example code
there and the Seinfeld data set. And
that's it. I'm Yuval. Thank you so much.
May here.
[applause]
>> [music]
