UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Generative UI... in Python? — Jeremiah Lowin, Prefect
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Krzs8GeiWTc

[music]
Good. Um, thank you all for for coming
out. Um, I'm going to talk today about
one of the weirdest pieces of software
I've ever written. It's sort of on the
edge of a whole lot of stuff I've been
putting putting forward into the world.
Um, so join me if you will. We're going
to try and have the most reasoned
approach to to a very strange thing that
agents and MCP and other things have
enabled. And so to begin, I want to talk
about MCP apps. I don't know if any of
you were able to join any of the other
talks earlier today. Maybe the one that
um Edo and Lead just gave maybe an hour
ago. Just a show of hands. MCP apps
familiarity.
Okay, this is probably the best crowd
I've ever given this talk to actually.
So that's that's fantastic. Um, for
those that didn't put their hands up,
MCP apps is an extension of the MCP
protocol that was introduced I think in
January of this year. And the idea is
this is a typical request response cycle
for an MCP um tool. The user makes a
request to the agent. The agent in turn
decides to use an MCP tool that's hosted
on an MCP server. A tool result comes
back into the agent's context and the
agent chooses to form some response and
send it out to the user. And so
fundamentally MCP servers are these
fantastic ways of adding uh functions
and business logic to your agents but
never a direct connection between a user
and the MCP server. It always goes
through the brain of the agent and more
importantly through the context window
of the agent. So MCP apps are an
extension of this which allow us
actually to bypass the agent and instead
what happens is the following. The user
requests something from the agent. The
agent uses a tool, but instead of that
tool request going back to the agent, it
is sent out to the user and it's sent
out as HTML, CSS, JavaScript. It's a
full UI and it can be whatever you want
it to be. And so the idea is you have
this way to make to basically put the
internet into your agent, so to speak.
You can ship any custom branded useful
UI that you want. You can let the user
have any interactive experience that
they want. And then the user, as you can
see in the diagram, the user now can
interact with the application. they can
use the tools, they can send information
back into a backend host on that app and
really get a full experience. You can
imagine booking a table at a restaurant
or um changing your seat on a plane or
interacting with a schedule for AI
engineer. There's a lot of things that
you can do as a user now where the agent
facilitated it, but you are going to
interact as a human. And there's an
extension coming now. This is going to
come out in um in the July MCP release
where the agent can actually interact
with the app as well. And this will tee
up some really interesting use cases
we're not going to talk about today, but
you could hypothetically play a game of
chess against the agent now in a visual
app where you make a move and then the
agent interacts with the app as well.
And so I think that's going to open up a
whole new world of possibilities.
Now um some of you may know a framework
that that I'm the author of and my
company maintains called FastMPP. Um
fast MCP is one of the most popular ways
of building MCP servers. And so whenever
new cool things come to the world of
MCP, the first thing I wonder is how can
I deliver this to our users? And one of
the most important things I have to
share with you about our user base is
that they're mostly Python engineers.
And so and so this is a little bit of a
problem when we want to deliver
frontends and UIs because how are we
actually going to do that? And this is
the point in the talk where I reveal
that I don't remember what the next
slide exactly is. So we're going to take
a peek at it. Nope, we're going to come
back. Um, we we have we have a challenge
now. Uh, how are we going to have have
Python engineers build UIs that are best
practice, that are interactive, that are
beautiful, that are useful without
pretending that we're going to do
something silly, something that's been
tried, and jam all of the front end, all
of the ecosystem, everything into Python
in some sort of like weird compromised
haphazard Frankenstein of a system. And
so I really struggled with this. I need
I really need I feel an obligation to
find a way to deliver this, but I I
can't I can't pretend we're going to
ship React and Python. It's not going to
work. And so we thought pretty hard
about who are our users in the fastmcp
ecosystem. Who are these Python
developers who tend to be in
enterprises? What are they doing and
what do they need these UIs for? What do
they need these MCP apps for? Um what
they don't need is consumer-grade custom
UIs that are fully branded. That that's
not what these folks are doing. what
they are uh primarily charged with is
sharing information throughout their
throughout their organization for
collecting information throughout their
organization and so it changed the
nature of what we expect them to do
within MCP apps framework and that
constraint became really useful so
fundamentally we expect that they're
going to do things like build tables
they're going to collect information
through forms and they're going to want
to share charts and so fundamentally
with this constraint we can introduce a
piece of software that we open sourced a
few months ago and has been surprisingly
popular among this crowd called prefab
and it's a scoped UI building framework
for the purpose of delivering UIs
through an agent for the set of purposes
that I mentioned a moment ago. So this
is a hello world card. You might see
this in any front-end framework,
literally anyone. It'll have something
that looks like this and it's on their
website and you you type your name in
and it it updates live. But of course,
the weird thing about this one is that
the code that generated it is entirely
written in Python. And so I hope that
you're feeling what I feel when I look
at this, which is a really weird
combination of like, yes, that's cool,
and this really freaks me out. The yes,
that's cool, comes from the fact that I
think there's something about this code,
even if you can't see it up close, I can
make it a little bigger. There's
something about this that like kind of
makes sense. You can see the structure
of the of the of the UI in the code, but
there's also something about it that's
obviously alien and a little bit a
little bit odd. And we come to this
conclusion when you when you feel that
when you look at it, which is that when
you compose a front end in Python, it's
actually starts to feel good as long as
we scope the challenge right. We are not
trying to build a front end from
scratch. We are trying to compose a
front end from a bunch of worldclass
well-designed components. And that's how
we keep the guardrails and that's how we
keep the user in mind. The user here is
not trying to do something arbitrary.
They're trying to take a well structured
front end and put it in front of um
whomever they're delivering it to. And
so here's a little quick tour of that
DSL. Um primarily we're using context
managers. For those of you who do know
fastmcp, you know that arguably you
could reduce fastmc down and say the
core innovation of fastmcp is that we
used a python decorator to build an
entire MCP server. So if you want to
take the same reductive approach to
prefab, you could say we use a context
manager to build an entire UI. And by
nesting components with as context
managers as you see here, we are
building up the exact same structure in
the UI. It feels very natural when you
read it. You can see how things are
structured. Um each element of the UI,
each component, which is a beautiful
shaden component when it's rendered, as
you can see here, is a class that you
instantiate. You can parameterize it.
you can pass it stuff like CSS classes
and and make it look however you want.
And then the last thing which we're not
going to have enough time to really
explore today is these reactive
variables. Um I'll show you a demo of
those in a moment, but essentially we
have a full way to um create client side
interactivity and bind data between
components that allows you to build
these really rich experiences again
without having to go fully into the
JavaScript world and leave an ecosystem
that my user base at least is extremely
comfortable with. Um, and this is the
pipeline that prefab is essentially
exposing. We use a Python DSL that I
just shared with you. We use that to
build a declarative representation of a
UI that then gets serialized into a JSON
protocol. And that JSON protocol is
ultimately rendered by a React app which
is hosted as the actual MCP app. And so
this is going to open up a whole lot of
possibilities for us that again I'm
going to show you in just a second. But
the key to this whole thing is the JSON
in the middle. The Python is actually an
accident that I discovered after the
fact because it was a weird
idiosyncratic thing that I wanted. The
point of this was can we create a
serializable representation of a UI and
that's the JSON protocol again. And
because it's serializable, I can
generate it from an agent. I can send it
to an agent. I can generate it as a
human and ask an agent to modify.
There's all this cool stuff that happens
because of that intermediate
representation in JSON. And then when
the when the Python DSL just fell out of
this and was really beautiful and easy
to use, I kind of felt like we had
something
So uh we have these docs and sort of to
prove the point this was another
constraint we took on this is I don't
even know what this is this is a doc
these are the docs for the data table
component in prefab I think there's 130
or 140 components that we ship that you
can compose into an arbitrary form the
docs for prefab are 100% rendered in
prefab so the data table that's here in
the basic usage it is live rendered in
prefab the Python code you can see it
sneaking in at the bottom of the screen
that Python code is being rendered live
by the renderer to generate that. If you
want, you can take any example in the
prefab docs, you can click a link, pop
them into the playground, and you can
edit the code live, the Python code
live, and you will see the UI update.
And again, this is super weird. If
you're feeling a little uncomfortable
about this, that is that is okay. It
makes a lot more sense when we constrain
the problem. And remember that we're
composing a UI rather than building it.
So, I want to bring this back to the
thing I opened with now, which is MCP
servers and more specifically MCP apps.
You are welcome to use prefab for any
kind of front-end problem you have. My
team has started using it for small
interactive data apps and things to
explore. They've been building
presentations with it. We ship a a dark
mode theme that honestly looks kind of
like the one I'm showing you right now
to make slides and presentations. You
can do a lot of stuff with it. But the
reason we built it, the use case that it
is satisfying is for MCP servers. And so
um I want to give you a quick tour of
three ways that you can use it, three
increasingly sophisticated ways that you
can use it in your MCP server. The first
is to build an interactive tool. As I
showed you at the beginning of the talk,
typically an MCP tool is something your
agent calls and the agent gets the
result and you don't get to interact
with it at all. So what's the easiest
way that we can advance that that
interactive functionality?
I'm going to show you here. This is a
fastm tool. It's been decorated with a
tool decorator as you can see and it's
just a Python function that returns some
information. Bearing in mind this
information will go to the agent, not
the user. If we want to turn this into a
fully interactive tool with prefab,
we're going to make one change. Instead
of returning a Python dictionary at the
end, which will go to the agent, we're
going to return a prefab component. In
this case, it's the data table. These
are the this is what I just showed you
the docs for a moment ago. And when we
return this prefab component, FastMPP
will automatically detect that. It will
automatically infer that you in fact
want to return an MCP app. and it will
spin up all the machinery to get the
HTML, the JavaScript, the CSS, the
render, everything in place so that your
user will see a data table. Here's what
this looks like in practice. This is
using the goose client, which is an
excellent one. Um, I asked a server that
had the function I just uh showed you,
show me the team directory. And what
pops up uh this would be better as a
GIF. I apologize, but what pops up is a
fully interactive data table component.
It supports um searching and filtering
and sorting and pagionation and all this
stuff. And all it is is what I showed
you a moment ago. Just return the data
table class and all this will be taken
care of. We can go a step further. What
if in addition to the data table, we
want to show a pie chart right next to
the data table that breaks down this
team directory. As you might imagine,
very, very, very similar code. Instead
of the data table alone, we're now going
to import a grid and a pie chart. And if
you look at the bottom, you'll see that
we compose both the pie chart and the
data table into a grid very naturally
with a context manager. And this is the
result. we now get a pie chart next to
our data table. So this follows a
principle that we really try to hold in
a lot of our software at Prefect, which
is one line of code, one big noticeable
change. We try to keep that complexity
incremental. And so this satisfies a lot
of things that I think are really
important about frameworks and DSLs. Um,
this is very quickly because we won't
have time to go into it. This is just an
example I threw together and recorded of
fully client side interactivity where
all of these controls are linked. Uh,
stuff's updating, text is updating,
values are updating. No JavaScript was
written. This is just a couple of
classes composed that all have the same
attribute assigned. So they all work
together automatically.
Um, oh, and I did throw in a quick code
example of what that looks like. We have
a class called RX, which as you may
guess stands for reactive. If you use
these reactive variables, you can just
reference them anywhere in your code.
You can format them. You can you can
make them the name of something and it
will automatically compile into the
correct uh JavaScript implementation.
The second thing that we can do is a
fastmcp app. So if an interactive tool
is sort of a oneshot here's a user
interface and you can interact with it
in the client a fastmcp app is a full
application with a backend and in this
case the MCP server is going to be the
back end. We don't have time to go
through a full worked example in this
session but here's what the code looks
like just to give you a sense of the
ergonomics. We're going to write a class
which is our fastmcp app and then we're
going to decorate at least two uh
functions with app.ui UI. That's the
entry point that's going to return the
prefab components that form the base UI
of that application. And then at least
one, I guess this is optional, so zero
or more um app.tools. And these are
essentially backend methods that you can
now reference in the UI. So you could
have a button that takes data that the
user has entered into a form and sends
it to a database using a decorated tool
like this. One thing that we use and we
ship as a built-in component now in
fastmcp
is an upload component. So as you can
see because only the agent has access to
an MCP server you can't simply upload a
file to an MCP server. It has to go
through the brain of the agent. And so
what ends up happening is a lot of
people create basically an upload tool
on their MCP server forget that the
agent has to actually call it. And what
you end up doing is the world's most
expensive copy paste operation. You give
the agent a megabyte of text. the agent
retypes it character by character into
the MCP and now yes in fact you have
uploaded it but it's extremely extremely
inefficient. So this is a really good
use case for an MCP app where you ask
the agent to bring up the app interface
you drag a file into it and now the file
bypasses the agent and goes right into
the server. And we've made that a
oneliner like this along with a handful
of other um useful tools. And is this a
gift? this is not a GIF or if it is it's
not rendering but it would look like
this in your client in any client that
supports MCP apps if you ask the agent I
need to upload something it can now show
you this and you can upload safely and
most importantly cheaply um oh I do have
a gift mind know your own slides is a
good lesson from this talk so here's the
agent is now interacting with a file
that I just uploaded that I dragged and
dropped um I'll make these slides
available later if you'd like to see
this or of course it's a oneliner you
could try it in your servers uh this
afternoon. The last thing that I want to
talk about which is sort of enabled by
this architecture is a fully generative
UI. Um, we're just going to skip and let
this play while I talk. So, this is a
very simple demo where I asked Claude,
"Hey, just I'm giving a talk on this.
Just start streaming the most
interesting UI you can come up with."
And so, it just went. And what it's
doing here is we exposed a tool that
accepts the JSON uh the protocol
serialization of a UI that prefab is
based on. And so now as the agent is
streaming that information over the
wire, we are in real time rendering
whatever we've got, healing that JSON
and rendering it. And so this was a
really cool demo and it was really
effective and people like this because
now you don't even have to define the UI
yourself. All you have to do is use the
skill we already ship, share it with
your agent so it knows how to write a UI
and off it goes. It can make you
whatever you want. There are some
clients that have built-in versions of
this. if they have a built-in version,
you may prefer to use it by all means,
but this may be a way for you to build
your own custom uh approach or limited
set of components that are useful to
you. Now, a really interesting thing
happened when we spun this up. So, as I
mentioned, originally the plan was for
the agent to send JSON over the wire and
have it be rendered into this full React
application.
What we ended up discovering is that the
Python representation of a UI is about
70% smaller than the JSON
representation.
So we don't do this anymore. When I
recorded this demo was streaming JSON.
What we now do is we actually stream the
Python over the wire. It's executed in a
sandbox. It's turned into JSON on the
server and then that's rendered. And so
this has a dramatic dramatic token
efficiency, cost, and latency uh
benefit. So it would work exactly the
same as when I recorded this demo, but
this is just one of those things that
we've learned on the fly. And it's
really fascinating that the Python
representation is just that much more
compact and ergonomic than the full um
JSON one. So um that's prefab. If you'd
like to check it out, if you're curious,
if you want to see the weirdest thing
I've ever built um along with however
other many people, you can see the docs
at prefab.pref.io.
You can see the full library uh which is
on our GitHub here. And this is already
fully baked into FastmcP. So, if you're
using a recent version of FastMPP, you
should be able to install this optional
addition, uh, import the components,
return them, and start playing with
these MCP apps. Thank you all for
coming. [applause]
