UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Building ambitious software — Jonathan Kelley, Dioxus Labs & Cognition
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7vFrcNWXzs

[music]
Hello, my name is Jonathan Kelly and
today we're going to talk about what it
means to build ambitious software in the
age of AI.
5 years ago, I made the first commit
ever to a project called Diosis. I used
the last summer I had as an
undergraduate and instead of getting an
internship at Google or doing research
in AI like many of my friends at the
time, I spent it exploring an idea I had
for a crossplatform app framework
written in the Rust programming
language.
In 2021, Rust was still pretty niche,
but the ecosystem was growing, the
tooling was improving, and the pitch of
native performance, a solid type system,
and simple cross compilation really sold
me. It's extremely nerdy.
The idea for Diosis was straightforward.
What if we had an crossplatform app
framework? Instead of waiting through
dozens of tool chains, programming
languages, and idees, what if we simply
wrote our all of our apps in Rust using
HTML and CSS as the markup language?
This was back in the day 2021 where
React Native was janky, Flutter was too
slow, and neither performed well with
native APIs. On the flip, with Rust, we
could build native abstractly with no
VM, no IPC, no JavaScript. And if we
used a little bit of HTML and CSS for
the UI and take some inspiration from
React for the reactivity, we could reuse
vast amounts of web components and web
tooling. The goal was an extremely
powerful app framework that was still
quite familiar to the average developer.
Sounds easy, right? Well, as they say,
we choose to build an app framework from
scratch, not because it's easy, but
because we thought it would be easy.
In reality, trying to challenge React
Native and Flutter is extremely
ambitious. In 2021, there were very few
off-the-shelf components you could use
to build Dioxis. Everything from
reactivity to font rendering to hot
reloading and application bundling had
to be built from scratch. There's
nothing we could use. For us, tasks like
building a web browser were just
necessary steps along the way.
Now today in 2026, Diosis has achieved
and far surpassed its original mission.
We support all the features we
originally set out to build from
crossplatform support to native
rendering to Rust hot reload and bundle
splitting. We've basically reinvented
and improved the entire app development
stack.
Users can ship a powerful full stack web
application in the exact same codebase
sharing components as their iOS and
Android apps.
The Daxis project now has nearly 37,000
stars on GitHub with millions of
downloads. Apps built in Dioxis are
rolled across the globe with a
cumulative estimate of over 200 million
end users. Users have built things like
AI assistance, software for voting, data
science tools, and even collision
avoidance system for satellites in
space.
We've put a ton of effort into making
Dioxis as userfriendly as possible.
Fewer files, build tooling, hot
reloading, asset optimization,
everything you need to easily ship
across all platforms.
Because Dioxis apps are written in Rust,
they are structurally very simple. You
rarely need to drop into platform
specific code because all rest projects
are alike. It's very easy for developers
to dive into a new project. You can
completely skip annoying build system
setup. All you need is a main.rs to get
started.
One of the most ambitious goals we had
for ship lightweight but fully featured
HTML and CSS rendering engine called
Blitz. We extracted the browser grade
CSS engine out of Firefox, built our own
HTML DOM, and developed a hybrid GPU
rendering pipeline.
Compared to Electron apps, which are RAM
and storage hogs, Blitz apps are
lightweight, coming in at less than 5
megabytes bundle sizes and consume less
than 50 megabytes of RAM at runtime. And
they're pretty cool. You can write your
own custom components, spinning cubes,
you can customize the browser however
you want. It's a very cool project.
We also worked on a tool called
Subsecond uh which is our generic hot
reload engine for Rust, C and C++.
Subsecond watches your code for edits,
recompiles parts of the code that
changed and patches the running app in
place all in 100 100 milliseconds. This
was an incredibly difficult technical
challenge and is the only hot reload
engine for native compiled code to have
such wide language and runtime support.
It works on every major system and even
the web is compiled into web assembly.
No one has done this before
because these projects we've worked on
along the way over the past 5 years are
incredibly ambitious and are the result
of a tiny but
over every line of code by with our own
two eyes and maintain a frequent but
ambitious release cadence.
The most amazing thing, every line of
code in Dioxis until very recently has
been painstakingly written by hand.
Why do I say recently? Well, if you
aren't aware, software engineering and
development has taken a massive turn in
the past 6 months. AI coding agents got
really, really good. And specifically,
they got really good at Rust. Our team,
a bunch of cracked rest engineers, has
been quite skeptical of AI for a long
time. We had not felt the AGI, so to
speak. And we definitely weren't using
AI in our day-to-day work. We thought
the two things were incompatible,
shipping high quality code
tools. Seeing them get really good at
Rust was a huge surprise to us. So, we
were finally excited.
With this newfound excitement, we
started building our team. maxed out our
cloud code subscriptions, turned out
tens of thousands of lines of Rust, and
built all sorts of features we had long
wished to have. Unfortunately, very
little of the code cleared our quality
bar of should we merge this in.
Thousands of lines of new features, bug
fixes, and integrations we had wanted
for years sat there and draft and
continue to sit there and draft. We
definitely did not know how to properly
wield these tools and it was way too
easy to become what we call a slop
cannon.
Um, so we reflected a bit and studied
what worked and what didn't.
to read, easy to write, good tools, good
error messages. The coding agents
generally don't care about this. We
tried to make Rust easel
with Dioxis still
because Rust is harder to write. The
coding agents deal with the development
burden for you. They handle the edge
cases and they fight the borrow checker,
saving you from the cognitive burden of
writing Rust apps. The learning curve
which we fought to reduce is now a
feature.
So throughout the process of adopting
the coding tools to work on Dioxis, we
learned a wide array of lessons.
Many of the thing the coding agents do
really well today and many things they
just aren't there yet. So the next
couple slides I want to talk about some
of the things we learned and what it
means to to build ambitious software
projects in the age of agent coding.
Um, it's important to talk about first
what it means to build an ambitious
software project. Um, there's many
different types of software out there.
Depends on what you ship every day. Um,
you might be doing research and the
quality of your code isn't the most
important thing. You might be doing
prototyping code and and iterating fast,
moving quickly is important. You might
be building applications which people
don't see the code internally. They just
see what it looks like on the outside.
But for us and for Diosis,
we care about a few different things.
Primarily, of course, we care that our
code works all the time and that if it
breaks, we can easily fix it. I think
this is something people don't think
about enough these days that you need to
continue to build easily maintainable
code and like the velocity that you ship
lays down on this substrate that you've
built and if the substrate isn't good,
nothing you build on top is going to be
good.
Secondarily, we care about shipping new
features.
Our road map is really long. It extends
into the far future. There's dozens of
features we still have yet to build for
Dioxis. And we want to ship these
quickly to keep up with the times, but
we also want to maintain quality. When
building a large ambitious project like
Deiosis, there's a constant tension of
shipping fast, adding new features, and
then also making sure you don't break
things and that in a patch release,
you're not like breaking APIs that
millions of people rely on. For a
project that people build their
businesses on, there's also a high bar
for releases. We need to maintain uh
high quality of our documentation, of
our examples, of our tests, of our
benchmarks. If it if anything is out of
place, people figure it out pretty
quickly.
So, we really do like coding agents as a
a form of an excellent assistant for
very hard technical problems. Coding
agents bring a level of patience and
massive knowledge that is very hard to
muster as an individual working on a
very large software project.
Many problems in Dioxis are knowledge
problems. Our team can't feasibly know
every detail about every build system,
every runtime, every operating system,
every programming language, every API,
every quirk. Fortunately, this is
exactly where the coding agents excel.
They can quickly quickly sift through
thousands of pages of documentation,
read all the bespoke APIs, dig into
binaries, reverse engineer APIs. They
have so much more patience than an
individual developer does.
We were able to implement things like
cotlin and swift plugins for dioxysis
deeply integrated into our build system
which is a really hard feature. If you
know react native turbo modules these
things took many years of development to
get right by people writing them by
hand. We were able to ship this in like
two to three weeks with coding agents
and we probably could have gone faster.
I think implementation was done in like
the first day and we spent two weeks
building test cases and testing on real
devices.
And in Blitz, the thing on the right,
our custom web engine, web agents have
accelerated debugging hard CSS, styling,
and layout issues for us. The agents
know the CSS spec exceptionally well.
You might be writing a line of code
that's trying to resolve some sort of
painting or layout issue. And the agents
can instantly recall exactly how Google
Chrome and Safari do it. Can tell you
the right way of handling it for your
problem. and you don't have to go open
the the WebKit source code that's nested
deep somewhere in Apple's Git
repositories.
We're able to invest time in doing
things the right way, not the hacky way,
which interestingly is a turn and
compared to how we used to do it. We
would always gauge a project based on
its complexity and tend to take
shortcuts as humans to ship things
faster but not at a high quality bar. So
coding agents give us the ability to
maintain quality and do things the right
way which is very interesting.
Um a less sexy application of coding
agents for ambitious projects is
actually doing the extremely mundane
tasks. Uh our team is very small. We
have three core engineers working on
Diosis. uh any time that we spend like
verifying the tarball extracts into the
right directory structure is like time
wasted from us thinking about the
architecture and the the hard problems
of our software. Um Dioxis is a large
project and it's been a challenge to
maintain a high quality bar across the
entire codebase across every release. In
one release we might add an extension
for a new editor like zed. We might not
be able to test that editor every time
we do a patch release. And it might be
easy to break that. Applying agents to
the problem actually lets us automate
many of these like hard tedious tasks
that would have taken like countless
hours before.
And then for us like the code is the
product. People download the code, they
build on the code, users interact with
our APIs, they read our docs, and they
build on our architecture. So any
laziness in the the quality of the code,
the SDKs that we ship to users
translates directly into a worse
developer experience and people either
getting upset, their businesses being
stalled, or them turning off the
product. So coding agents have been
excellent at maintaining uh tasks like
verifying release checklists,
backporting bug fixes onto stable
releases, and ensuring our docs and
documents are of extremely high quality.
We still do write a lot of docu comments
ourselves, but it's very easy to give
the agent a task of making sure
everything is documented properly.
Everything has an example and everything
actually is documenting the thing that
it says in the way that it says. Um, as
humans, you know, you'll go edit the
code, but you won't edit the comment.
So, a lot of your comments will actually
be out of date over time and things get
very confusing. Um, and if you just look
at the numbers, we've shipped more patch
releases in our most recent DAXis
version than we ever had before. So,
we've been able to maintain weekly or
multiple times a week release cadence
for a large ambitious piece of software
in a way that we would be scared to do a
release earlier.
Um, one thing I'm not 100% convinced
yet, uh, we have found varying levels of
success is using AI to write tests or at
least blindly writing tests. Um, one
place we've struggled with Diosis is
testing. It can be very hard to test
foundational software, especially like
end to end for complex systems. It's
hard to test that your extension
installs into zed and works the way you
want it to do with literally opening zed
and like using the extension. Um, the
coding agents struggle here too to an
extent. Uh, they also are, you know,
have a tendency to write kind of sloppy
tests. you'll give it a constructor and
then it will go test the constructor and
that's not a very interesting test. Um
they can easily write tests for any
given API but much like humans they fail
to write the right tests. So we still
find ourselves enumerating test
conditions manually um crafting test
APIs our ourselves and handling test
runners um but it is sometimes a great
sounding board to come up with the test
ideas for a particular thing you're
trying to to make sure has coverage and
then enumerating the the edge conditions
um but one place that we have actually
really enjoyed using coding agents to do
testing is building test harnesses. So
fuzzing is a critical part of building
like production grade software which
means taking your application and
putting it under millions of different
inputs and quite often adversarial
inputs basically like malformed inputs
or uh ways of using the software that
users should not be using the software
but they they can use the software and
coding agents are excellent at building
these harnesses.
Um, one thing we've found that code
extra code architecture is still an art.
Um,
coding agents enable you to ship at an
exceptionally high velocity. I mentioned
this earlier. If the substrate on which
your coding agents code lands is bad,
their contributions will be bad as well.
Unlike a human engineer, coding agents
aren't typically afraid to voluntarily
go on a huge refactor of a system or
redesign the architecture when a feature
doesn't quite fit. They'll typically
just ship. Most of our development time
is actually now spent thinking about
software architecture about what
features we'll want in the future and
how the system will evolve. Just like
human engineers can write spaghetti
code, so can the agents, but now just
faster. However, I will say with fable
level tools, the actual code quality
itself is so high, provided you properly
communicate your intent, that proper
software architecture will probably take
the vast majority of time in the future.
Actual code writing, not so much.
Um, one thing we do for Daxis, which
maybe you guys still do, maybe you
don't, uh, is we review every PR line by
line. Um, we definitely use AI review to
spot bugs ahead of time, but we still do
like to read the code that we ship. We
receive lots and lots of PRs from
strangers. Actually, uh, Daxis is big
open source project. Uh, and not every
PR is made the same. Uh we find that
users can be quite bad at communicating
their intent to the models. Contributors
don't usually think deeply about how the
codebase should evolve over time. They
just want their bug fix or their feature
in. Uh and many solutions are glued in
place. So we're we're not quite at the
point where the coding agents can read
our minds. Uh and thus we're still
limited by the medium of text. And as
ridiculous as it sounds, prompt
engineering is quite real. The quality
of an implementation can be very much
dependent on the the prompt that you
give the model.
But in a sense, nothing really has
changed. Reading code has always been
more important than writing code. Um
maybe not in the beginning, but
eventually as the project evolves, uh it
does.
So my closing thoughts on on using
coding agents to build ambitious
software is that code is now cheap, but
quality is not. Um the the job of a
software engineer has never really been
about putting lines of code on the
screen. It's it's been about
architecting elegant solutions to
complex problems to thinking 10 steps
ahead about how a system will evolve
about retaining flexibility in the face
of changing requirements. These facts
have not changed and the bar for
software engineering is higher than
ever.
Uh if you would like to work on the
tools of the next generation of
software, Cognition, the people who have
acquired Dioxis are hiring. Uh the Daxis
team joined Cognition to be part of the
future and hopefully you will too. Thank
you.
[applause]
>> [music]
