UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Design at the Speed of Adjectives — Paul Bakaus, Renaissance Geek, Inc.
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v42opQpCy60

[music]
Cool. Uh, let's get this going. Welcome
everyone. Thanks for coming. Um, my name
is Paul and, uh, I'm going to try to
save you from the midday slump. So,
let's, uh, let's see if we can do that.
Um, okay. So this talk, this cold open
of this talk will make a lot more sense
if you know uh what impeccable is. Uh
but if you don't know what it is, it's a
design, it's a design skill that turns
your coding harness into a better
designer and hopefully you into a better
designer. Um and you can try it out. It
works across all harnesses, cloth code,
github, copilot, cursor, codex, etc. Um,
and this talk is really about uh my
approach to how to building this tool as
opposed to the tool itself. Um, but
let's get started with a pretty typical
website. So, this is a intentionally
very basic website and I want to give
you that one as context to what I'm
going to show you next. So, you know,
it's it's a it's it's an okay website.
It's not great. It's pretty bland. Um
but it at least it has some color some
something. Um so now here is um the
command make it bolder make the workflow
section bolder with impeccable.
Um so this is with impeccable installed.
So now there are it's not perfect. There
are some problems with this. for
example, the um the section numbers that
you have there, that's a very typical AI
slop tail uh that uh that GPT loves to
do and I mean Claude actually loves to
do as well and
it sometimes creeps in. So I wouldn't
say this is perfect by any means but I
think it's I would say bolder than
before. Um
now a lot of people install impeccable
try it out uh and then they ask me well
I don't know like maybe it could be
placebo maybe the model is good enough
in itself right uh not sure if it
actually works well let's compare it to
this is exactly the same project GPD55
on extra high um same exact prompt
without impeccable
so there is a slight difference I would
say but you be the judge of
Um, so the before and after is pretty
different and I'm going to talk about
why that is and um and and what the
approach is.
So designing at the speed of adjectives
and um to get the elephant out of the
room, they are not just adjectives,
they're also verbs. Uh but some of them
are adjectives.
First off, the role of the engineer and
the design are blurring. Um, I've seen
more people become design engineers than
ever. Designers are moving into code,
engineers are moving into design and
vice versa. Some of the best comments I
get from people who walk up to me and
say like, well, impeccable gives me this
shared language of design that everybody
can communicate now in. But really,
these worlds are all colliding in my
opinion and the typical handoff is kind
of broken. like the the waterfall
process of I start with design, maybe I
start with like the what on the PM side,
then it goes into design and then
there's like this handoff and this
critique process and then ultimately the
engineer builds it. That thing is just
not real anymore. I don't know about
you, but um I think that's starting to
collapse very quickly in small and large
companies.
And when it comes to the actual work of
design,
I feel like there's right now kind of
like two worlds that you can play in.
Either it's direct manipulation sort of
like in the pixel space, right? So
you're in Figma and you're manipulating
margins, paddings, whatever it is. Um or
you're in web flow or you're in some
other tool where you directly
manipulating the final output uh or the
design. Now that's fine, but then you
feel like you're getting behind because
everybody else is like agentic and going
crazy with loops and loop maxing, right?
And now you're going on the other
extreme, which is simply telling your
agent, please design this for me or
please build this. But it feels like to
me at least there's this there's this
middle ground that we haven't explored
enough like what is the exact level of
control? How can we insert the human in
the loop at the exact right time?
Uh and so this this came to mind then
it's pretty popular tweet a while ago.
Um so centering a diff with opus. Yes.
Uh not a great use of opus. Uh but you
know it kind of speaks to that problem.
It's like okay well when do we use which
tool? When is which tool adequate to do
what job?
In my opinion right now for most work
the direct manipulation of padding,
margins, spacing and so on is actually
at a elevation that's too low.
And on the other hand um if you go fully
agentic you get web pages like this now
that you would you would get this in
like 2022 I would say. So everybody here
can point out the typical AI slot
patterns. Um but the purple gradients
were actually way beyond that. there are
no purple gradients anymore uh in most
frontier models. Um now we just get this
and it's kind of wears a different suit
as Claude would say. Um but uh but it
really is slop as well. It's just a
moving target. So now we have I call
this claude beige. We have these
instrument serif fonts. We have italics.
And it's not necessarily a bad design.
It's just everything that comes out of
claw design looks that way. And when
everything looks the same, you kind of
get algorithmic unilo as I call it. Uh
so also not great.
Now here's my first hot take of today's
session. You cannot oneshot design.
Um now many people want to and maybe
we'll get there eventually. I just don't
think it's possible at the current
moment. Uh maybe not ever. Um, I think
in order to build something that really
looks and feels great and is effective
design, you need to have something
that's context context rich which has
been informed by what you're trying to
do, what your audience is, what you're
trying to build. And also it will have
to be multi-shot. You will have to
iterate on your design. Uh, and you I
mean even if you're a soloreneur, but if
you're not a soloreneur, you might have
different people who have different
opinions. Users have opinions. I mean
design is messy. it's process and
wishing it away and just saying like
solve this problem for me agent will not
unfortunately solve your problem. Um
now the other problem is if you don't
know the language of design or if your
stakeholders don't know the language of
design gets really frustrating really
quickly too. So if you've ever designed
something um you kind of know like this
kind of experience um and then you know
the inner feeling builds up of like
and at some point you're like
uh
so really what you have to ask first is
what's the emotional territory? What
should this never feel like? What's
what's the reference? What's the
audience? These are all really important
questions to figure out. Like you can't
go to a human design studio even if it's
the best design studio in the world. You
go to design director and you say like
you know what I want to design for my
brand and a design dire not nods. It's
like got it and then walks away. That
doesn't make any sense. Like they
obviously have to figure out what it is
that you're trying to build and what
you're trying to get out of it.
Importantly on this example even sort of
like the 2026 version of AI slop you
know quickly vibe coded page nobody
decided anything here
like you just oneshotted this nobody
decided anything on this page this was
just I mean it's maybe competent but
completely empty
so my uh thesis that I make here and
what I've been trying to build over the
last couple months is a tool that gives
you just the amount of control needed to
steer your agent in the right direction
with adjectives and verbs.
And these are the types of words I'm
talking about. Talking about words like
make this bolder, make this quieter, uh
distill this. So basically
simplification, um polish this, um make
it denser or harden this. Um harden for
instance would mean uh make sure that
this design works across the board.
Maybe the performance is bad on certain
devices. Maybe it's not responsive. Um,
and so these are these are words
that we use in the world of design. And
I noticed when seeing two people attempt
the exact same task and one is an
engineer who's never really touched
design at all and the other one is a
designer um there's a stark difference
even when they use the same model and
same harness everything in the output
that they're getting based on the
language that they use. So, I've been
trying to put that language basically
compress it into a skill uh and into a
system to be able to express yourselves
better. And so, for example, you could
have like a baseline um over here, but
then you make it bolder and the agent
actually knows what bolder in your
context means. You make it quieter, it
knows what it means. You distill and it
knows what it means.
Um, but then bolder how what does bolder
mean in the context of your project?
That's a really important question
because as you could tell at the
beginning of the demo uh in the cold
open uh when you just ask GPT or claude
whatever make this bolder it doesn't
know anything about what you mean. Uh
now it has its own sense of reference of
like what boulder could mean but it will
do whatever it wants right it will
invent new colors it will invent new
gradients. it will I mean it doesn't
matter um what it actually means in
impeccable
not gradients not glass not neon but
actually hierarchy scale decisive type
so uh things that uh don't break your
design system and adequately raise the
attention that the user would put on it
uh and this is an actual sentence from
the the file that is loaded when you say
bolder impeccable um show someone your
work and say AI make this bolder made
this bolder if they believe you you
failed this is something that we
actually instruct the agent to do for
themselves and then the agent oftent
times reflects and like I don't know
think I did some bad work here
an adjective is a light wart and a light
wart such a German term and Matt Puk
actually talked about this recently uh
who also makes some really excellent
skills. And so this is uh stolen by one
of his tweets, but I really think uh um
it makes a lot of sense. Um these are
words that h that you basically imbue
with meaning that you infuse with
meaning and they mean something. They
already mean something to the model, but
then you translate this into the area
that you're interested in
and the right altitude really shifts.
Um, now I don't think you can solve any
problems at that altitude. That's super
important too. Uh, there is still room
for the very beginning. For instance, if
you just want exploratory work and you
just want to get something on the screen
or you just want the last amount of
polish. I don't think right now uh AI is
good enough to replace humans for the
last 5, 10, maybe even 20% of the work
to get it from good to great. Uh but it
does actually make it better. Now I've
built tools for more than 20 years. I
guess I'm dating myself here. Uh but
whenever I build a tool, I actually map
the workflow first. I think about what
is the actual workflow of the target
user that I'm trying to help. And the
workflow of design is not linear. It's
messy. Has many different stages. Uh
there are different people involved. And
so I kind of mapped every part of the
process and thought about well what are
the injection points along that route
and how can we help along that route.
And so you start with initialization
with the shaping process of design uh
you go over to uh crafting to iterating
uh with all these verbs and adjectives
and then to the actual harden and polish
phase and finally you kind of bring it
back to your design system. You do some
tech debt cleanup design deck cleanup.
Um, now here's one example of a command
that I wasn't actually sure about
shipping and it's called overdrive. Um,
I basically built this uh built this
command in Impeccable that uh tries to
create something completely over the top
and it was kind of like a a half of a
joke maybe. Um, but people absolutely
are rabbit about this about this thing.
Um, and they love it. Um, and so this is
just one example of I mean this is not
oneshotted. Uh this is a um sort of
realistic event horizon shader um that
I've built for my shader library radiant
shaders. But I did actually use the
overdrive command for this to uh
overdrive it even more uh and make it
more ridiculous. So sometimes I come up
with these uh commands I'm actually not
sure about and I test them with the
community and once it sticks uh I
realize okay well there are more people
who are getting joy out of this.
Um
oh here we go. Here we go. Okay. Um, an
adjective with nothing behind is just a
nicer prompt. So, you really have to
tell the agent what you mean by the word
that you're using. Uh, it it has so many
different meanings uh within its
training materials that you really have
to tell it. Um, now here's another
thing.
I've gotten so many requests
for an automatic way of using
Impeccable. So many. It's so
frustrating. Like so at least once a
week somebody tweets at me say like you
know what would be cool just let
impeccable do all the work by itself. I
don't have to decide on any command
anymore. That's not the point. The point
is to give you a way to steer what you
want to end up with. It's never going to
be a tool to oneshot design. That's not
the intent. And I'll never I mean
there's a pull request standing uh
standing out right now that I'm going to
close because of that.
There is no auto and there will be no
auto
in my opinion and uh this is a bit
awkward maybe for some of the next
speakers but I think taste cannot be
amplified uh sorry I think taste can be
amplified I think I call this amplified
craft uh and I think you can work with
tools to sharpen your taste and bring
out more of your taste I really do not
think it can be lab ground lab grown I
think it is uh taste by definition sort
of is uh contextual It's cultural. It's
scars. And once everybody replicates the
same thing, it starts to become really
muddy and we don't think of it as taste
anymore. That's my opinion. And I know
this is like a hotly contested topic.
Uh, but I'm not trying to solve taste
with my tools.
Um,
that's what I got. Uh, this was about
finding the right level of control for
design. Thank you very much. And, uh, I
think I have time for a few questions if
you have any. Thank you.
>> [music]
