UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Your company brain will leak secrets: how we stopped it for big banks — Tanmai Gopal, PromptQL
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uC6u0lJJl4

[music]
All right. Um, everybody can see. Hey
everybody. Um, thank you for being here.
I'm going to talk about um
the fact that if you go ahead and build
a company brain, it will um likely leak
company secrets. um which is kind of the
big fear that we have about building a
company brain anyway, right? Which is
this case of like intern joins the
company and then suddenly gets like comp
details and everybody kind of situation,
right? You want to you want to guard
against that. Um this has kind of been I
guess pretty much the biggest thing
that's been holding us back from just
deploying openclaw and Hermes all over
the place, right? It's also kind of the
reason it's like this big opportunity
that Claude Tag had with it recent
launch a few days ago where like it was
going to be the company brain but then
everybody's like well it's not um it
doesn't look like it's going to be the
company brain right so I'm going to talk
about kind of what makes it challenging
so before we get into that let's let's
kind of understand and dissect this
company brain business a little bit
right um I'm Tan I'm the co founderql um
you can check promqql out um later but
uh the our background as a team building
This is we come from um the hustra graph
we're creators of the hassur graphql
engine which is very popular open source
project in the graphql space uh where we
solved a lot of data access problems um
we deployed everywhere from like apple
to meta to JP Morgan etc. uh and um and
that kind of gave us a lot of these this
grounding uh for uh and and you know
kind of like a lovehate relationship
with uh data and data security. Um,
all right. So,
I'm going to show you stuff that we've
been working on over the last year and
kind of what we've learned from that so
that you can kind of take that and
exercise that and try it out for
yourself. Um, and of course, at the end
of the talk, happy to kind of exchange
notes and see what works or what might
what might not work for you. Um, over
the last year, we've only partnered with
a small set of people who've exhibited
some kind of spike on scale. M so about
15 to 20 folks so far and now we're just
starting to open it up to other people
but over that course of time we've kind
of looked at three different types of
set of people with very different needs
right you have AI native companies that
are willing to just do whatever as long
as it works you have kind of tech
forward companies right folks like
Instacart who um like best of breed
technology right um so they'll move fast
they'll be tolerable to breaking things
but it just needs to be really really
good right and then you have fortune
banks uh who have like a me level
security. Uh, thank God that they do
because they're my bank. I definitely
don't want vibecoded AI agents running
inside a bank because that's where my
money is. Um, so they have a lot of
security rules. Uh, thank you so much.
Uh, but we're deployed in places like
those as well. Um, with kind of the
beginnings or like the frontal lobe of a
company brain, right? So, we'll kind of
talk about those kind of learnings. Our
own personal usage of kind of building
out our company brain. Um it kind of is
about 5,000 pages. So we model it as a
wiki. Uh you can model it however you
want. You can model it as a set of
markdown files on GitHub. You can put it
into a remember graph frag. Uh you can
model it in a you can model it in
knowledge in knowledge graphs. You can
do whatever you want. Um so you can you
can place it wherever you want. But like
it's about 5,000 interconnected pages
for us.
Question for you folks. So suppose you
had a company brain that was working. It
was working well. It was all set up
right. um there would be a kind of daily
number of updates that would happen to
this com to this company brain, right?
Because it was learning stuff from
everybody in the company, right? From
finance to HR to um your engineers to
everybody. So if you were to plot the
daily number of updates happening to the
company brain, what would it sort of
look like? Would it sort of look like a
roughly downward trend? Like all of
these are like random graphs, but would
you would it sort of like start and then
go down? Would it kind of be steady
going up and down as updates spike or
would it kind of steadily increase
upwards? Um so kind of think about like
what would the commit history to your
shared skills repo look like, right? How
many updates are happening to a healthy
company brain, right? Um every single
day, what does that trend look like? Um
anybody for option A?
Anybody thinks it's option A? Okay,
cool. Uh, option B.
Okay. Option C. Ah, that's nice. Um, and
and and so that's so when I kind of
plotted our thing, right, to see what a
healthy company brain looks like. Um, if
you look at number one, it's basically
saying we had a lot of enthusiasm. We
built the company brain on day one, day
two. somebody we gave somebody the task
and said build all the shared skills
repo scrape all the slack scrape all the
emails build it and we'll all use it and
then nobody cares right or you have a
system which is autolearning maybe you
have a Hermes that's deployed internally
something like that where it's kind of
steadily adding more and more comments
so it kind of goes up and down depending
on who has enthusiasm right um and then
when I plotted our history over just the
last uh two months and this is a little
bit outdated now this is what we got and
I was kind of shocked
I was like, why is it continuously
increasing? Like it's a gentle curve,
right? But why is it gently just going
up? Why is the number of updates per day
increasing? And that was fascinating for
me to see because what I realized was
that if you have a system that starts to
work, what happens is people start to
teach it a lot more. It's like saying if
I taught you the skill for quering data
then tomorrow I'm going to teach you the
skill for interpreting that data and
then day after tomorrow I'm going to
teach you the skill of how to take an
action based on that and then after that
I'm going to figure out how to do AB
testing based on so people like you
continuously add more but because
everything is an agent where no amount
of learning is perfect everything has
its own kind of steady rate as well
right so the rates kind of even your
steady rates kind of keep adding up and
that's what I started to notice in our
thing as well this is early. So, who
knows if it'll kind of peter out
eventually. Maybe it'll start to look
more like option B. But a healthy brain,
of course, the overall size keeps
increasing, but even your daily updates
per day kind of keep increasing as well.
So, that's a sign
of a good brain that you built, right? A
healthy brain that you built for your
company. Awesome. The use cases for
company brains, how we start to analyze
how we build a system that won't leak
secrets, right? So, two use cases.
The first use case is there is a company
brain. I want to use it in my AI agent
whatever to get work done, right? Um
I'll show you an example of that, right?
It's like I got an email with a security
questionnaire I need to answer from a
customer and I talk to my AI and I'm
like look up the company brain and help
me answer this security questionnaire.
Right? That's a totally valid use case
of a company brain. Second, very useful
use case, right? because it's other
people's knowledge that are that is
coming to me. Second use case of a
company brain is kind of similar to what
uh cloud tag is is a this idea of
multiplayer and if you've been putting
agents inside slack in places where
multiple people can interact with it
it's kind of being using using it as a
shared AI right to like get stiff stuff
done. Um, and an example of that could
be collaborative incident management,
right? So, for example, you want to say
like, hey, I want to fetch logs. I want
to investigate the there's an incident,
go fetch some logs, investigate the code
codebase, raise the PR, deploy to
staging, deploy to prod, set up an
alert, right? You want like multiple
people are doing things with the company
brain. So, those are kind of two use
cases of the company brain. One is kind
of this like shared collaborative
knowledge use case and one is like
shared AI use case itself, right? Both
of those have a huge um security kind of
problem, right? Um so
to start to secure it, let's kind of
define that a little bit more strongly,
right? So what exactly is a company
brain? And this is my definition of it,
right? It's shared context that you'd
put in a markdown that you'd put in a
set of markdown files, right? and its
access control rules for the different
data and tools that you want to access
as given to a coding agent.
So that's what I'm calling it for um
because I'm speaking so I can define
whatever I want. Um that's my
definition. So I'm not saying this is
knowledge that is pulled into an LLM
that will do tool calls, right? It is
not a AI that is doing general purpose
stuff. It is an AI that is a coding
agent that is solving whatever problem
you throw at it. Right? And similar to
the a little bit of the previous talk
that you folks might have heard which is
this idea of like can we just use a
coding agent to solve general problems.
It's that right? So in the most trivial
case if you say hey write me a tweet
you're writing a small script that's
making an AI call to write a small tweet
right you probably don't need to do
that. The AI itself can just like return
the tweet back to you but like
essentially claude code being used for
everything. Cloud co-work is the same
architecture. The codeex app is the same
architecture which is this realization
that you can use coding agents to solve
general purpose problems. So we're
building the brain for that. We're not
building gigantic knowledge graph
knowledge base for the company and then
trying to secure it that anyway it
doesn't hasn't worked won't work. Um,
so in terms of how we want to approach
designing the company brain, right?
Should we build a company brain?
So, if you're an enterprise and you're
paid to twiddle your thumbs, then you
like this idea of building a company
brain because you're like, "Yes, let me
take on a two-year project and I will
build the company brain for JP Morgan."
That's not going to happen. You can't
build a company brain for an
organization that's like 100 years old,
right? you can barely build it for your
own family, right? Which might just be
months or years old, right? So, so the
idea and the way that we want to build a
company brain is we want each person who
does a little bit of the work in the
company to own and build their part of
the company brain, right? That's the way
we should build it. So, that's kind of
constraint number two that I'm putting.
One was the definition of the company
brain and second is how the approach
that we want to take for how a company
brain is built.
I like kind of this way of phrasing it,
which is that we're going to grow a
company brain. We're not going to build
one, right? We're going to like let it
let it come together. The system needs
to come together otherwise it'll it'll
it's not it's not possible to build. All
right. Um
broadly, we want to let each person
self-s serve their bit of the company
brain. Um and so these are kind of like
the various steps that you want to
follow. I'll come back to this in more
detail if we have time. But let's start
with a particular use case, right? So in
this particular use case, what I have is
this kind of situation where
this is kind of the tangible example I
want to take for you folks. Um I got an
email just a security questionnaire
example, right? Hey, I got an email from
Dave at StitchFix. Um and that has a
bunch of questions I want to answer,
right? So it pulls up my email. It says
the email has a screenshot of their
security onboarding and then it starts
to kind of answer those questions,
right? Um I have no idea how it knew. I
was kind of very surprised to see that
it answered all of the questions on
like, hey, this is our trust center.
This is how our security stuff looks.
Um, they have a gateway, right? It does
something. All of this is kind of coming
from the company brain, right? Which is
the answer to that. And then kind of go
ahead and I'm like, hey, just go ahead
and send this. I like this draft. Go
ahead and send this draft to Dave,
right? And then goes and sends that
email. Really simple example of what I
want to do. Now, the challenge here,
right? And the issue is that how do we
build a system right which somebody else
can contribute to
that a third person kind of uses
how did this knowledge about what our
security thing is come in presumably
somebody else had been working on the
same security questionnaire right so
they had let's say a Hermes agent or
whatever they were working on it you
autosaved some memory maybe somebody
wrote down a skill somehow that piece
piece has to come to my AI agent. How
are we going to make that possible right
now? Um let's try obvious thing uh
number one right which is that everybody
writes shared skills for each other on
GitHub. So the first time the security
questionnaire was answered by your
security person everybody visualize like
your security and compliance person in
your head right now. Imagine that they
after answering the questionnaire, it
sucks to answer questionnaires. After
answering this gigantic Excel sheet of a
of a questionnaire, they then went to
GitHub and updated a shared skill,
right? Many of you are fortunate to work
with people who are modeled after our
Lord and Savior Christ, who are so nice,
who will go and update shared skills in
a GitHub repo, right? Most people will
not. Nobody is going to write skills for
another person in GitHub like that is
not that is not something that is
natural to us right in the dayto-day of
doing work we don't suddenly decide that
ooh this might be really useful for
somebody else I don't even know I'm not
connected to in this situation in the
future not happening I can barely get it
to like curate my own memory and my
context I do not have the time to send
it to somebody else um to write it down
for somebody
[snorts]
Second, instead of having a company
brain, why don't you do a team brain?
Why don't you all just use one shared?
Why doesn't the security team kind of
use one more
shared silo where you can do this,
right? So, build an agent and have it
kind of save to memory itself, right?
Um, and that's kind of the architecture
that I I'm guessing a lot of you folks
have with maybe something like a Hermes
added to Slack. Does anybody have kind
of a team team brain situation going
where you have an AI that multiple
people use that autosaves memory and
auto adds context? Does anybody have
kind of like a skill that does that
already just for a small team? One.
Anybody else? Okay. Okay. A few of you
have that. That's cool. Um this is nice
but the problem is it's still not a
company brain because it's still
isolated, right? So it's like one more
silo, right? Like for example um if this
gets like with claw tag um it it has a
per channel memory right so in every
channel it gets saved but now it's
another silo in that one channel right
so now it's again locked into one place
that can't be used anywhere else so if
somebody got added to that channel it
would work but otherwise it wouldn't
work right um and so
this is the third option
the third option is saying all context
text goes into a single shared wiki. A
wiki is a set of markdown files and
markdown files can link to each other.
So imagine a gigantic folder. The folder
has lots of markdown files, right? And
markdown files can link to each other.
So all all context instead of saving it
inside a folder, siloing it, you put it
in a markdown file, the equivalent of a
markdown file, and you let it link with
each other.
The second thing that you do is you
allow each file to have scopes on who
can have readwrite access to that file.
The third thing that you do which is the
most important,
you don't let the agent auto add the
memory.
You don't let it auto add because if it
auto adds,
you have no idea what happened, right?
You can't
the we we're back to kind of the same
world where some stuff is getting added
and as long as you're in that agent's
memory, you're lucky, right? So, the
third thing that you do is instead of
letting the agent auto add, do something
that allows your agent to suggest what
is added with what scopes
and then have the human
accept or reject.
So it's not as heavy as GitHub where I
have to go and write this update a
shared skill do a PR review and then get
it merged but it's also not as yolo as
the memory just kind of being
autowritten by the agent right it's kind
of the sweet spot where while you are
working you pop it up suggest the right
scopes and let somebody add it so now
what happens is with this very simple
addition right you are able to let
people add to a gigantic wiki, but you
let that person take on responsibility
for what they can see or not. So, if I'm
adding something to the finance wiki, I
want to make sure I'm adding something
that's sensitive, I want to make sure it
has a finance scope. If I'm adding
something that's personal, I want to
make sure that that's personal scope.
Let me show you an example UX of what
that might look like. This is what we
do.
This was a recent email that I got um
from one of our sales reps adding me
onto a call. I looked at that email,
helped answer it, and then
I got a little box that suggested a
bunch of bullets that told me what it's
going to add, right? And when I hit add
to wiki and and so now it's much easier
for me to review what is getting added.
I don't care I don't care if it gets
added into this markdown file, that
markdown file, what links that the agent
takes care of. What I care about is are
these facts correct?
If these facts are correct, I'm going to
hit add to wiki and I'm going to be
done, right? And and during the time of
add to wiki, I can choose what scopes
need to be added per wiki page or not.
Right? So each wiki page itself can get
a certain set of scopes that you want to
decide who gets access to what for
example right so for example my email
this is the wiki page that I have for my
emails and how my emails are prioritized
and I can now decide who gets access to
this who are the owners for this and
what the artback for this is. So
whatever the system looks like is up to
you folks but the core idea is that you
want to get the agent to suggest a
change instead of doing the change. All
right. So, two rules. One, make sure
that everything goes into one
companywide wiki. Don't back down from
this rule. Second, make sure that like
as a part of that, every change is
backed by a human's name. Nothing should
be allowed inside the wiki that is
Claude added this or like your AI agent
added this or Hermes added this. No,
Tanme added this. that that name needs
to be there so that you can tie it back
to this is the person who screwed up and
like allowed everybody to see like
everybody's comp right and like whatever
now you can take remedial action uh
right whatever that is put them on a pip
um you didn't know how to edit a wiki so
so that is very very important and rule
number two once you decide that you can
then go to the second scope of like okay
you've got to make it easy for them to
do that which is where this business of
scopes come in where you want to scope
each file according to who gets access
you to build kind of a system around it.
This is what an architecture diagram of
that looks like where you have users um
users talk to the agent uh agent when
it's reading context uses that
particular user's claims right so if I
am reading something for solving a
finance problem it's using the finance
claim to read as me because I had access
to the finance wiki so I can read it and
that is done every single time right so
the agent is always using the user's
credential to read the right part of the
wiki. Um,
all right. I am um I'm fairly out of
time for the second use case. So, what
I'm going to do is give you a quick
flavor of the second use case, but
extend this idea. This is the daddy use
case. This is like this is the big daddy
use case. This is a really complicated
use case because now it's not just one
person answering an email. It's a bunch
of us using the shared context to solve
a problem with various different
escalation like privilege levels at the
same time, right? And these are kind of
the these are the these are the
interactions AI where the most amount of
company brain knowledge is created,
right? For example, I'm going to show
you a quick real life example of um what
it looks like for us. Um so this was a
case from an SR situation where um
somebody was like hey our autolearning
our wiki learning uh fairly meta was
failing it wasn't working what's going
on right and then it starts doing the
investigation and it sucks cuz it's it
didn't have a skill it failed so like
bro don't do this please use this open
telemetry span name used an open
telemetry span name it did a slightly
better job but was still really slow so
he looked at the code and he's like oh
you're using a like query. You're you're
a you're a dumbass. This is Opus 4.5. Um
we like like don't do this. Right? So
then he's like don't use a like query.
Use an equals to query. Right? And then
it does equals to query and it surfaces
some details and it and then he says oh
dig deeper into this and it says
whatever this is a line of code where
the error is coming from. Simple stuff
right? This is now where it surfaces
some knowledge and says aha I learned
that I should use equals to and not
like. Right? I learned that if you have
a custom prefix added to wiki page
names, it can cause issues, right? Um,
so it offers these learnings that you
can choose to accept.
So he kind of went dug in deeper um into
what the problem was. Somebody else
joined the conversation, right? And said
the technical decision that we've made
here is wrong. Why is this happening?
And now two people start to have an
argument, right? They have an argument
saying, hey, it should not be like this.
it should be like this but why is it
like this but it should be like this
right that argument creates knowledge
because the actual problem was that
somebody made a technical decision that
was not documented right when they
decide to fix that issue and they
observe that that is indeed the root
cause and they decide that this is the
way it's going to be fixed hey we should
remove this prefix that's causing a
problem whatever whatever the thing is
that creates the highest quality context
to be added to your brain because the
previous suggestion was to say uh pages
should not pages have a prefix. But the
fact that pages have a prefix is a
problem. Right? So now the thing that
you're documenting in the brain is pages
should not have a prefix. If they have a
prefix, it can cause lookup issues and
prod. This happens when multiple people
talk to each other, right? And solve
problems together. This is what happens
in a Slack thread. When two people talk
to each other and solve a problem, it
creates the highest quality context. But
and so so that's kind of what you want
here. But the challenge is that the priv
privilege escalation around this becomes
very very serious. If you if you're
building an agent that can do everything
surrounded by multiple people, that's
scary because the engineer was allowed
to do the PR work but now I can use the
same agent to deploy to prod. That's too
scary. I can't have a conversation where
I debug and
deploy securely, right? Especially if
you're in a bank, right? like the people
who are debugging, deploying to staging,
setting up an alert and deploying are
not the same. But but being the same has
a lot of value because that's where all
the knowledge is, right? And so that
kind of brings us to the second
architecture which I'm not going to get
into too much detail with, but think of
it as the same idea where user
credentials and claims were used to read
context. Instead of that, also use user
credentials, right, when the code is
executing tools. So never store
credentials in the sandbox.
Instead of that at the HTTP layer, at
the SQL layer, inject the user's
credentials, allowing the AI to behave
as the human in a particular
interaction, right? Um so there's
interesting details here. Um but that is
what allows a shared AI to work with
shared context, right? And those are
kind of the two um key pieces to work
with. So I would summarize and you'll
this architecture is not particularly
complicated, but it's very simple to
work back from these two rules. Do not
store credentials in the cloud sandbox.
And second,
virtualize all interactions with real
data. Proxy it, virtualize it, whatever
word you want to use. And let users
control them. So the user who adds a
particular tool should control who gets
access uh to that particular tool. So
you can derive this entire thing if you
just kind of follow these four
principles and work backwards from that.
there's only one architecture that is
possible that makes sense uh in how you
manage context and what constraints you
set up and how you manage tools and what
security rules you set up. Um that is my
time um and and so um happy to chat more
um after the talk um we have a booth as
well so happy to chat more through that
on what the nuances inside this
architecture are. I'm Tanme on Twitter.
Um we're called PromQL. Um do check us
out um at the end of the day um with the
AI engineering community. We're going to
do a product launch. Uh and so I would
love to share that folks share that with
everybody. I'm going to take a picture
with everybody on stage so that I can uh
I can share that. And so let me let me
do that while I'm here.
All right. Do folks want to say cheese?
[laughter]
Thank you so much. Um so watch out for
that. Um it's our approach to um claude
tag which is prompt tag which is very
similar to the ideas that we tag chatted
about here except that you're not stuck
to cloud you can use GLM and you can use
GPT and then soul comes out and we can
use that and have a lot of fun. Um so do
check that out and otherwise I'll see
you folks soon.
