UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Thinking Of Joining Exitus Elite? - WATCH THIS FIRST! 🚨
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJZJjD8LyBw

If you're thinking about joining Exodus
Elite, watch this video all the way
through before you decide to jump on
board because I will go over exactly
what to expect when you decide to get
started today. I'm also going to go over
a couple bonuses when you decide to jump
on board via the link down below and you
you decide to partner up with myself.
So, rest be assured assured that if you
are looking for a sponsor that is here
to help and here to help you get
results, then I'm going to be here for
you. I'm going to answer any questions
that you have going through it and if
you need any help along the way as far
as like feedback goes for marketing,
then you'll be able to message me as
well. So, real quick, uh this is the
Exodus Elite homepage and you've
probably seen it before.
Um so, with this program, the way how it
works is you are able to earn
commissions anywhere from the product
that you join and everything below,
right? So, if you decide to come in at
the 500 the G500 level, then this will
enable you to make instant $500
commissions as well as 250s and the
100s. If you refer someone and they come
in at a higher level than you, such as
the 1,000 or the 2,000, then uh the cool
thing about this program is you are
still going to going to get paid.
However, you're only going to get paid
the 500 that you came in at, you know,
assuming that this is the product level
that you come in at and then the rest of
it will then be passed up to your
sponsor. So, the best recommendation if
you want to make the most amount of
money is come in at the very highest
level that you can afford.
Um I recommend if you can,
go for the 1,000 or 2,000.
Otherwise, if you're on a tight budget,
then you could start at one of these
lower levels and then work your way up
from here. So, the other thing about
this program is
um when you decide to upgrade,
uh you can upgrade any any time and you
only have to pay the difference uh from
the level you're at to the level you're
going to, right? So, if you come in at
the
uh the 500, for example,
and you want to upgrade to the $1,000
level, right? You only have to pay the
difference in terms of the product
package, so you're only paying 500 here.
And then with each product, there is an
admin fee
um to get access as well, right? So, for
the 500, it's 199. For the 1,000, it's
299.
Uh but here, uh when you go from 500 to
1,000,
you would only pay 100, right? So, it's
in total 600 if you go from 500 to
1,000.
And then that just makes it a lot easier
for you to get
um you know, to get fully qualified,
right? So, uh that is why I still
recommend this program even if you were
not able to go all in right away. I
don't know if my
uh webcam is frozen, but on my end, my
face is frozen on here. So, hopefully
that isn't the case when you're watching
the video, but I don't know. This device
kind of messes up for me sometimes. I
guess the software I'm using. So, maybe
I'll have to update it, but yeah, just
something I thought I'd mention right
there. But uh that being said, I want to
show some proof of concept that the
system is still converting very well
even 10 years later. So, uh this
launched back in 2014.
And so, it's been around uh as of this
month for 12 years. It's been around for
quite a while, and it's still converting
very well. So, just 5 hours ago today,
uh Shawn here posted in the group, "If
anyone is wondering how real Exodus
Elite can be, this was 10 years ago this
week. This business is awesome, was then
and still is the best I have ever been a
part of." And as you could see, within
the first 12 days that he had joined 10
years ago,
he had made
uh 30K. Well, about 29,000 if you um you
know, if you if you just take this
amount into consideration, but yeah,
about 30k that he made right here with
just 30 paid members. So, as you could
see, this program
the cool thing about it is you don't
need that many sales in order to make
life-changing income, right? So, if your
goal is
maybe all you need to quit your 9-5 is
like 3,000 a month, you know, in that
case with this program you can just do
that with like two customers.
Um right? And so, maybe you refer
someone
and they come in at the $2,000 level if
you're positioned there, and then um you
know, so you make 2,000 bucks.
Maybe you refer someone and then they
join at 1,000, and then maybe like the
next month you
only get like one sale at the $2,000
level, and then the person at 1,000
decides to upgrade, right? Well, in that
case you still made $3,000, right? So,
yeah, this program the cool thing is you
don't need to like be super viral on
social media. You don't need you need to
have this massive following, and you
also don't need to be super salesy
because this program also has a phone
sales team that'll close your leads for
you. So,
um yeah, this right here goes over how
that all works, and that's one of the
cool thing about this program. So, if
you want to
um you know, get extra help closing
sales and then maybe you're talking to
people on you know, Messenger, then that
is one way that you could of course go
about it.
They just leverage the sales team,
right? So, you can either like send solo
ad traffic directly to this page if you
want probably, or you can um you know,
if you're talking to people on
Messenger, then you can have this
um set on, and then you know, you could
have phone closers close for you, right?
So, that's just one thing I thought I'd
mention, but this program it's
converting very well because of the fact
that
um you know, they they've gotten a lot
of really great results, and the and the
owner is always adding more stuff to it.
And that's one thing that I really
appreciate about this program. So, most,
you know, business opportunities out
there are very fly-by-night. You know,
they're hot for 3 months and then they
die off and then there's like some other
new thing that comes around and then the
big leaders jump on that and then they
drag their entire following along with
them, right? But, with this program,
they're always adding more stuff to it.
And so, one thing that I will
mention here is they have
uh pre-built
uh funnels that you could plug into. So,
if I go into marketing right here,
uh you have lead capture pages you could
use.
And the cool thing about this is when
someone opts in to any one of your pages
right here,
uh they're going to be be followed up
with on your behalf via the system.
They're going to get followed up emails
uh sending them back to the offer.
And whether they buy right away or they
buy, you know, let's say 2 weeks down
the road, then you'll still be able to
make to get paid, right? So, cuz they're
going to your link and then they can
join at later time. So, as far as the
product goes, uh the main thing that you
get here is digital marketing education
right here. So, you have training going
over list building,
how to do email marketing, webinars,
social media,
internet business models, social media
traffic.
And there's plenty of different methods
in here that you can learn about
that can help you grow your online
business. And so, you can either take
these concepts, apply it directly here,
or apply it to any other program that
you want to promote in the long term as
well. So, my webcam is still frozen on
my end as I'm looking at myself. I don't
know if that'll be the case when I
actually post this video, but I'll have
to find out, I guess. But, uh that being
said, I want to go over some bonuses
that I have. So, when you decide to join
via the link down below, I will get you
an invite to my private community on
school. And if you want to see exactly
what I do to get traffic online, then
that's exactly what I go over in my
trainings right here. So, I have a
YouTube SEO training
that goes over exactly how I do YouTube
videos just like this. Very simple to
do. Doesn't require that much um
thinking I or thought process really.
And as long as you can post videos
consistently, then this is one very
powerful traffic source that you can
plug into. And I definitely recommend it
because anytime someone searches up
something, especially if it's a review,
they typically are going to have their
credit card in hand. And if you have
your link down below, then that's of
course one way you can get traffic.
Otherwise, I also have a training here
that goes over short-form videos as
well. And I also have another method in
here that goes over how to do paid
traffic, in other words, solo ads. So,
if um like this you know, if you want to
go this route,
all you really need is you just select
the amount of clicks you want, paste in
your link, and then you just buy the
traffic if you want to go the paid
traffic route. So, the most important
thing with anything that you that you
join,
right? Just remember results are not
guaranteed. It's dependent on what you
put into it. But, your results are
always going going to be dependent on
the effort that you put in. So, if
you're going to jump on board with this
program, just be aware that um
that all payments are final. So, if
you're going to jump into this program,
go in have like an all-in mindset with
it. Even if you are not able to go
all-in with the program right away. If
you let's say just start at one of the
lower levels. And the best thing I could
recommend is take massive action every
single day.
Um either do paid traffic every single
week if you want to go this route, or do
YouTube every you know, post out you
know, at least one video every single
day. A 5-minute faceless video even. You
know, it doesn't have to be to the
extent that I'm going, you know, in my
case I do like three of these videos per
day, which is crazy. I know some people
think that's absolutely insane, but you
know, I just like to get as much out
there as possible because
with YouTube, you don't know
um what videos are going to take off or
not, right? So, you could put in all
this effort into one video, but if they
don't push your video out, then you're
not getting any traffic from that.
Whereas if you go the um you know, the
route of quantity, then you're more
likely to get something that will take
off, you know, it's simply just playing
the numbers game. So, that's how I
approach this, you know, this method
right here. Um that may or may not be
for you.
And if not, then it's totally fine
because you could decide to learn about
short-form videos, or you can you know,
maybe you do a combination of both. You
do like maybe one YouTube video per day
or or every other day.
And then you do a
um you know, maybe you do like three of
these um you know, TikTok videos, right?
And then that's one way that you can get
your link out there. So, that being
said, this system works if you work it.
As long as you take action every single
day and you don't have that
get-rich-quick, you know,
freebie-seeking mindset, then you will
of course crush it in this business, and
I strongly believe that. So, that being
said, if you want to get access, go
ahead, click on the first link down
below.
Join at the highest level that you can
possibly afford.
I look forward to seeing you on the
inside. And that being said, take care
and all the best.
