UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Exitus Elite Review - Can You Make Money With The Lower Levels?
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvB8ctQ439c

Hey, it's Aura here. Hope you're doing
well. In this video, I want to answer a
quick question regarding Exodus Elite.
So, if you're looking into this program,
you're thinking about getting started,
but you don't have the money to go all
in with this program, and you want to
just get started right away, but the you
know, the idea of investing $2,000 right
up front kind of scares you off. I
totally get that.
Um but, you want to get in, you want to
start earning commissions, and you're
wondering, is it worth joining this
program if you are only able to come in
at one of these lower levels, like G100
or G250,
or maybe the G500. Maybe this is like
the maximum you can go. So, of course, I
recommend coming at the highest level
you can afford. If you're able to go all
in, then by all means do that, and
you're going to make the most amount of
money right away. You're going to have
full earning potential of this program,
and you're going to be be able to earn
on all levels. However, if you can come
in at one of these lower levels, maybe
like uh the 500 is the maximum you can
go, or the 250, or maybe you're like on
a super tight shoestring budget, but you
want to get on board with this program,
then uh you can come in at the G100.
However, just be aware of that. When you
come in at this level, you're only going
to be eligible to earn commissions at
the G100, meaning anytime that you get a
sale,
um you're only going to be able to make
100 bucks. Now, the cool thing is is if
you happen to refer someone, and they
come in at a higher level, you are going
to get the commission. Uh you're going
to get paid, but it's just going to be
100 bucks. So, if you bring someone on
board, they come in at the G2000,
then only here, then you're only going
to make 100 bucks. You know, the rest of
the commission's going to get passed up
to your sponsor that is qualified at
that level, and then you're just going
to make 100 bucks. Now, the other thing
that I want to mention with this is if
you want, you can start at one of the
lower levels, and then you could work
your way up by getting like one or two
sales at each level. So, for example,
when you upgrade to a higher level, you
only have to pay the difference. There
is no paying the full price of the next
product that you upgrade to. So, if you
were to start at the 250, for example,
it's let's say that you start here, and
then you want to go to the 500, right?
You get a sale at this level, that's 250
bucks. Uh that's regardless of they join
here, if they go anywhere higher than
that. And then what you could do is you
could put that 250 towards the next
product. And so, you don't have to pay
anything out of pocket when you put that
250 towards the next product because
that takes care of the product
difference.
And then you only have to pay the
difference in terms of the admin fee.
So, either you could just pay, you know,
100 bucks out of pocket, or just maybe
get another sale right here, and then
that will cover
um the fee to get qualified with the
G500, and then same goes for when you
upgrade to the thousand, and then if you
want to go from the 500 to the $2,000
level, you just pay the difference. So,
every single product here has the
product fee,
and then the admin fee. And then when
you decide to upgrade, you pay the
difference in terms of both the product
package and then the admin fee as well.
So, going from the G500 to the G1000,
you pay 500 for the product,
and then you pay 99 for the admin fee.
And so, that's 600 bucks to go from here
to here, and then you're qualified at
the G1000.
And then G2000, 100 bucks plus 1,000.
Get one sale here,
uh covers that, and then pay 100 bucks,
and then you're qualified at the G2000.
Once you are at this level, then you
just need to get two sales, and then
you're going to be in profit. Everything
else that you'll earn is going to be
100% profit to you and then you can earn
on all product levels as many times as
you want. So, that is what I wanted to
go over in this video right here. If you
have any questions, feel free to drop a
comment down below or reach out to me. I
have my my uh messenger link down below
as well and you can just send me a
message right there. Otherwise, if you
want to get involved with this program,
then you can click on the link down
below and once you get started, I will
get you invited in my uh school
community right here and you can learn
directly from myself in terms of how I
go about getting traffic online. So, I
have the YouTube SEO training, I have
the short-form video training, and then
I also go over things like email
marketing as well. And I
I'm also going to have done-for-you
funnels that you can plug into it also.
So, that's going to include done-for-you
capture pages,
uh VSLs that I'm going to make that's
going to have talk about all of the all
the benefits, and then you can plug into
that, use it to promote the bonuses
right here, and that way it's going to
give you an incentive It's going to give
members an incentive to join through you
versus other members that are promoting
this program. So, just any bit of extra
help will help you get some sales
potentially. And then I'm also going to
have additional uh video coaching for
those who come in at the G1000 or or
above. So, if you want to get like
ongoing support from me in terms of
video calls, then you'll want to join at
one of these levels right here, and then
I will be there for for you to, you
know, answer any questions. So, that
being said,
drop a comment down below if you have
any questions. Otherwise, get started
right now. I will see you on the inside
and take care. All the best.
