UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Exitus Elite Best Traffic Sources To Get Sales! ($1000-2000 Per Day)
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmm0pulkDu0

So, how do you actually market your
Exodus Elite business? How do you get
traffic and of course, how do you start
earning the big commissions like what
you see right here on the screen? The
$500 days, the $1,000 and the the $2,000
commissions.
How do you do this if you're someone
who's brand new without a massive
following online? So, I'm going to go
over the three uh different ways that I
recommend getting traffic uh that you
could use if you are just uh getting
started in Exodus Elite or if you are uh
just looking into this program. And real
quick, what I want to mention is when
you decide to jump on board via the link
down below. So, if you're not already in
Exodus Elite already, then you can get
access to my bonuses where I give you
additional trainings that go over how to
get traffic online. So, uh that being
said, first thing I want to mention is
when you decide to join Exodus Elite
down below,
um come in at the highest level that
that you can afford so that you can make
the most amount of money. Um remember
with this program, you're eligible to
earn on the level you're at and
everything below. Anything above what
you come in at, you just make what
you're qualified at and the rest gets
passed up to your sponsor. So, come in
at the highest level you can right away
and that way you can make the most
amount of money. One-time payment, get
two sales, you're in profit and then
you're good to go. So, that being said,
how do you of course get traffic and how
do you uh promote your link? So, first
thing that you'll need is you'll need
your uh to
uh use one of the capture pages that
they give you right here.
And you can either use one of these uh
done-for-you pages right here to collect
leads. So, if I open up uh this one for
example,
right? Someone will opt in to learn more
about the program and then uh after this
they'll be get taken to the VSL that's
going to explain about all the benefits
and why they should join Exodus Elite.
And then uh the other cool thing about
this program is this program is going to
send out follow-up emails to each email
uh each lead that option to your uh
capture page right here. So, that's one
thing that's really cool. And that'll
help you convert more sales on the back
end. So, that being said, all you really
need is you just need a traffic going to
your capture page link or one of the
pages that you choose to promote.
Whether you decide to run with one of
these pages or you decide to create your
own funnel using the funnel builder tool
that I recommend in my community, then
um you know, then you just need to get
people to opting in and then that'll
help you to, you know, be on the right
track. So, uh the first traffic method
that I'll recommend is actually going to
be in the Exodus Elite back office. If
you go into um right down here, get
leads.
And then uh where it says lead sources
and traffic, it is this one right here,
Traffic Authority. So, I've not used
five leads a day. I'm not sure, you
know, if that converts. I don't know
what Network Sensored is. So, that one
you could check out if you want, but the
one that I know is reputable and has
been around for a while is Traffic
Authority. And that's this platform
right here. So, how this platform works
is you can select the amount of clicks
that you want. So, when you create an
account, uh which is free by the way,
what you'll do is you'll come in here,
you'll give your campaign a name. Um I'm
going to say Exodus Elite. And then for
your destination URL, what you want to
do is you want to take the link to one
of your capture pages. So, I can open up
uh this one for example.
Uh let's see, preview this.
Copy this URL and then I can go to
Traffic Authority, paste the link it
right in here.
And then you can uh choose when you want
the traffic to start. So, that's uh one
cool thing about this uh platform is you
can set the traffic to run at a specific
time frame if you want. Um in my case, I
just keep it at default because it
doesn't really matter that much as long
as you're getting the clicks, then
that's really all that matters. So,
vertical, let's see. So, of course,
you'd want to make this make money
online since Exodus is in the MMO space.
And then, um
I don't know what this is right here,
but yeah, you could say what traffic
vendors you don't want here.
And then,
um
the way how this platform works is when
you buy traffic, you could either select
a specific
uh you know, amount of names that you
want to get traffic from. So, if you
have ordered a bunch of traffic and
you've gotten really good results from
someone, then you could pick one of
their names right here. Otherwise, you
could just leave it blank and then
you're kind of get you're going to get
kind of like a mix of all the vendors.
So, that's one thing that's cool.
Countries, of course, you want to have
it um English tier one countries. So,
uh US, uh Canada, Australia, UK. These
are really the type of countries that
you want right here. And then, you just
select your budget. So, I would
recommend
um if you are just starting out, start
anywhere from 50 to 100. And so, in this
case, if we do 100, um let's see.
Maximum cost per click.
So, yeah, just put I guess we'll do not
this, but total budget. So, this is
actually what you want to do.
And then, uh you could just do that. So,
daily uh budget keep empty for
unlimited. And then, you could just uh
select the amount right here, right? So,
you'll uh get clicks to your link
um until that until it fills up the
amount right here. So, uh right here,
you'll get anywhere from
uh
like 22 cents a click to a dollar 34
cents a click. It's kind of like what it
ranges in the amount of. And then, looks
like we'll get around
9,000 clicks
>> [snorts]
>> at at this point right here. So, you're
getting a pretty pretty decent amount
for the price and then as long as you're
getting people to opt in then that's of
course how that platform works right
there. So, another platform that I'll
recommend is Udemy. This is a little bit
cheaper than Traffic Zest
and I think it's a bit easier to use.
So, with with this platform you just
pick from one specific vendor that you
want to buy traffic from. So, I can
click on Kevin right here.
And then I can just choose the amount of
clicks that I want. So, I like that I
like this setup a bit better than
Traffic Zest cuz you just know exactly
what you're paying and you just select
the
you know correct amount. So, 100 clicks
for 43 bucks.
It's not bad actually. 40 cents per
click and then if you want to do more I
would say start maybe around 200 clicks
and then that's just 83. You paste in
your link right here just like before
and then you complete the transaction
and then usually with Udemy
the traffic is usually sent within 24
hours. So,
that's when you'll start seeing like
leads coming in.
What I also recommend with this platform
is to of course scroll down. You could
you know read the bio if you want, but I
recommend looking at the reviews.
And then you want to look for people
that have given lots of good reviews
that mention getting sales. So, I can go
through here. This guy says he got
sales.
Scroll down more.
38% opt in that's pretty good.
And I could scroll go through more
ratings right here. So,
let's see got sales and here's another
one got sales.
So, the more uh ratings that you see
that say got sales is like more likely
that you're going to get a front end
sale. Um however, just be aware that
uh regardless of, you know, the product
you're promoting or, you know, what type
of traffic you're getting, most people
are not going to buy the first time that
they that they see something. And that's
especially if you're promoting a more
high-ticket program like Exodus Elite.
So, with a lot of these that say got
sales, it could be like they signed up
to uh you know, like a $1 trial of
something, right? So, in that case, it
would be pretty easy to get like a front
end sale with that type of offer, but
with Exodus Elite being, you know, the
minimum product being 100 bucks,
you know, uh you may or may not get a
sale right away, and it's more likely
that you'll get sales on the back end,
unless if you're using the phone sales
team, which is one thing that I would
recommend if you are going to be doing
the paid traffic route. So, if you just
want to buy traffic, you don't want to
do anything like posting content at all,
and you just want to promote your link
as is, you know, just grab one of the
links from your capture page um
you know, from the back office,
and you just want to buy traffic,
pay for clicks and it directly to your
link, then what you could do here is you
could leverage the phone sales team, and
they will take a uh 20% cut of any sale
that you make,
um but it they have like a 90% close
rate. So, this is going to be really
good for you if you are either talking
to people one-on-one
in Messenger and you're sending them the
link, or if you are buying traffic is
what I would say that this is really
good for. However, the third traffic
source that I'm going to recommend is
doing YouTube SEO. And so, uh in my
case, this is, you know, one of my main
traffic sources right here. I would say
my main free traffic source. And it's
where you just do simple YouTube videos
like this right here. So, you can use a
free tool like Screenpal to do screen
recording videos like what I'm doing
right here. And just keep in mind every
single video that you post is an
independent salesperson that works for
you 24/7. You put in the work one time,
create, you know, 10, 20, 30 videos, 100
videos, and you're going to be getting
continuous traffic for several months
and years to come for work that you put
in one time. So, this isn't something
that you're going to, you know, it's not
going to be something where you post,
you know, five videos and then instantly
you're getting sales right away. It is
something that you're going to build up.
And the thing to be aware of with this
is, you know, in posting content online
in general, you never know what video is
going to take off. So, in the very
beginning,
what you want to do is you want to focus
on quantity, get as many videos out
there as possible as quickly as
possible. If you can, try to post
multiple of them a day. You don't have
to have to do that forever, but just do
that in the beginning. Just get a bunch
of videos out there. Cover the main the
main keywords. Exodus Elite review,
Exodus Elite products, Exodus Elite
compensation plan. Um do a video talking
about income proof like I did right here
yesterday. And then you can do something
like best instant pay affiliate program,
best high-ticket affiliate program, uh
how to get started in Exodus Elite, how
to make how to do high-ticket affiliate
marketing. So, these are all keywords
you can go after, and then you could
also
um related to a what any other niche you
want to get into. So, for example, if
you are talking about um
traveling or best side hustles, right?
Then your number one side hustle that
you recommend could be digital
marketing. And then you talk about,
"Here's why digital marketing doesn't
work for most people. Here's how to make
it easier if you don't have a massive
following." And the selling point for
Exodus Elite can be the the fact that
you are making more money without
needing, you know, massive amounts of
followers because you don't need as many
sales. So, that's the cool thing about
this program right here. And that's the
that's the thing to be aware of. You
don't need to have, you know, thousands
and thousands of views in order to make
money in this program because if you
have let's say 500 subscribers or even
100
and maybe you have like 20 videos out
there that each got like 50 views. If
just one of those people sign up to
Exodus Elite and they come in at the
$1,000 level, well then that's the
thousand bucks that you made with the
100 subscribers. So, everything is a
numbers game. The more you get your link
out there, the more people that opt into
your page, eventually you will have some
sales coming through. You just have to
have a bit of patience. So, that being
said, if you want to get access to my
bonuses in Exodus Elite, then click on
the link down below.
Come in at the highest level you can
afford.
Like I mentioned, I would recommend come
in at the G1000 or the G2000. And no
matter what level you come in at, even
if you want to start at one of the lower
levels and then work your way up from
there,
then the cool thing is is you're still
going to get access to all of my
trainings inside of my school community
right here. So, if you want to learn
even more ways of marketing like doing
faceless short form videos on Instagram
and TikTok, then I have a training on
that right here inside of my
short form video training. So, you can
go through this, you can learn more
about the YouTube SEO method that I'm
using right here. I go over exactly how
I rank videos and you can use that for
not just this, but any program you want
to promote in the long term.
And then the other thing that I will
mention
is if you want to replicate the done for
you funnels that I have, then that'll
also be a bonus inside of this community
as well and I'll have a training that
goes over how to set those up. And you
could also earn an extra income stream
when you decide to use those. So, that's
just something else I thought I'd
mention. But, go ahead and get started
down below. I will see you on the
inside. Take care and all the best.
