UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：High Ticket Vs. Recurring Affiliate Programs - Which Is Better?
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALYuEiaKQ30

So, which is better, [snorts] high
ticket or recurring affiliate programs?
What is it that will allow you to build
up consistent income online and be able
to quit your 9-5 job? I want to talk
about the pros and cons of both of them
and my ultimate recommendation for if
you're looking to walk out of your 9-5
as quickly as possible and of course
maintain consistent income online. Now,
let's first start off by talking about
high ticket affiliate programs. Um, so
what a lot of people consider to be high
ticket is going to be anywhere $1,000
plus in commissions. So on average
anywhere from a,000 to $2,000 um, you
know, commissions that you get per sale.
Um, in my case, I would say that like
500 could be like the minimum. Some
would consider that like mid ticket. I
would say more of like 100 to 300 kind
of in that range would be mid ticket.
Anywhere 500 plus in my opinion is high
ticket. Um, but uh, you know, I would
say that on average $1,000 or $2,000,
you get one sale of those uh, you know,
one of these commissions every single
month. I think most would agree that
this would be life-changing income.
Maybe you get one one of these per month
and maybe it's not enough for you to
fully walk out of your 9 to5 just yet,
but it gives you a lot more breathing
room and you're able to have a lot more
spending power towards the end of the
month. So, that's one one thing that's
really cool about high ticket programs.
The other cool thing is is it's
typically a one-time payment to join. So
unlike a lot of uh programs in the, you
know, that are more like recurring based
uh just a onetime payment. So when you
decide to join it and you become a
member, you only need to pay once, then
you own it for life. And there's no
there's typically no recurring fees
unless unless they have like some other
additional add-on um like on the back
end, but typically you just pay once and
then you're in for life. So the
downsides of high ticket programs is the
fact that when you make a sale, you only
get paid one time. So one thing that I
hear from a lot of people who um you
know they promote either mainly just
recurring based programs or a lot of
them that promote MLMs for example, they
often like to criticize high ticket
programs saying that oh well you only
get once per sale. It's not stable
income and you know then you're not
really it's not you know you can't
exactly walk walk away from your device.
you got to continue working basically,
right? And then the other thing is is
that it's a higher investment required
both on your end and when you get a
customer in. So there's a lot uh you
know bigger price tag that someone has
to pay when they decide to join you. And
so for that reason, a lot of people hold
the um misconception
that high ticket programs are a lot
harder to promote because it requires
that you're, you know, selling something
more high ticket. And I'll kind of talk
about this later on this video. Um,
however, one bonus that I want to add
about high ticket programs is some
programs out there allow you to get paid
instantly where when you make a sale,
you get paid however you want to
whatever payment method that you want to
use, whether that be PayPal, Cash App,
Zel, Venmo,
Transfer Wise, Stripe, um, even just,
you know, uh, directly to your bank. Um,
you know, whatever it is, you can, uh,
get paid that way. And then you could
also do like crypto payments even. So
that's one other cool thing about a lot
of other high ticket programs. Not all
of them allow this, but you know there
are some of them where you could just
get paid directly from the customer and
that's one thing that's really cool
because the company never touches your
money in that case and then it is uh
yeah it's one really cool thing. So uh
that being said, let's talk about
recurring programs. Now why is it that
you should focus on you know recurring
affiliate programs versus high ticket?
Well, the main benefits of recurring
programs is the fact that you get paid
every single month per referral. And
this is typically going to pay you
anywhere from 10 to 100 bucks per sale
on average. Um, I would say like most
programs are going to pay you anywhere
from like 10 to 50 bucks in recurring
commissions. So, most recurring programs
are usually around like 50 bucks a month
at most, you know, like on average. And
then when you bring someone in, it's
usually like a 50% recurring commission
or a lot of them they pay even less. So
there's things like VPNs,
autoresponders, you have like eim tools,
and then you also have like website
builders. And these are the type of
programs that'll pay you typically like
recurring commissions. The other cool
thing about recurring programs is that
it's a lot lower investment to get in
and then also to make sales as well. So
for this reason, unlike high ticket
where there's a higher investment
required, with recurring based programs,
it's a lot more, I guess you could say,
affordable for the average person who's
getting online, a lot of people who are
just getting into the online marketing
space probably are not going to be open
to joining a high ticket program right
away because, you know, maybe they have
the belief that uh making money online
is a scam altogether and it seems high
risk. So a lot of people will in the
beginning I believe gravitate more
towards recurring based programs because
you could promote something that's maybe
you know 20 or 25 bucks to get in and
then someone can you know check it out
and say yeah you know I'll I'll join it
for 25 bucks that's not too bad. So
let's talk about the downsides of
recurring based programs and that is for
the most part most recurring based
programs don't really pay that much per
sale. So as a result, it generally is
going to take longer to build
life-changing income. So people who
promote mainly recurring based programs,
they will say that, you know, it's more
stable income and, you know, you put in
the work one time, you can get paid for
life. And that is very true. However, if
you are, you know, unless if you already
have like a massive following on social
media or you're getting a ton of
traffic, it's generally going to take a
bit longer to build up to a
life-changing income. And and I'm saying
that's most recurring based programs out
there. There's a few of them that are
really good that pay very well and I'll
give you my number one recommendation in
this video. But the other thing is most
programs also have a very low retention
rate. So you you know the the benefit of
recurring programs is you put in the
work one time and you get paid for life,
you know, every single month, right? In
a way, that's true if the program is
really good and it has a high retention
rate and if it's something that people
generally don't cancel like their phone
plan or it could be um you know like a
VPN software or a storage uh tool you
know like paying for Dropbox every month
or Google Drive you know those types of
things you're very unlikely to cancel.
Um, but those aren't necessarily going
to pay that much, you know, programs
like that, right? So, that's going to be
the, you know, the downside of these
programs. So, that is going to require
you to consistently put in a ton of
effort, you know, bringing more people
on board. That's going to require you
that you're sending a lot of traffic and
you're following up with with uh people.
And until you get to uh you know a point
where you have let's say hundreds or
thousands of pe of people paying every
single month then most likely you're not
going to make that much uh with most
recurring based programs out there. Now
in my personal opinion I believe the
best recommendation is going to be to
make money with both. I recommend having
at least one high ticket program. Um,
and I recommend promoting a high ticket
program on the front end. So that way
you can get paid uh once, you know,
maybe you get like a, you know, a $1,000
commission. And then what you could also
do is you could promote a recurring
program that is complimentary to the
high ticket program and maybe you can
kind of have it set up in a way where
you can make money with both, right? You
have someone join you in the high ticket
program and then if they're open, they
can check out the recurring base program
that you're in as well. And that way you
can uh you know pay your bills now,
maybe use that income to invest into
paid advertising or invest in other
tools that will help you make more
money. So that's one thing that's going
to be really cool. When you get a $1,000
commission, if you want, you could
either just pocket the money entirely
and use it towards bills, or you could
take maybe half of it and put it into a,
you know, like a solo ad, for example.
You know, do some paid traffic. So that
gives you a lot more spending power in
terms of growing your business faster
with high ticket. Um and then the other
thing is you can also use this to invest
into other programs. So one other thing
about recurring programs that I want to
mention is um most recurring programs
that I've been a part of, most people do
not go allin in the in the program
unless if you happen to have like a lot
of I guess you could say bonuses in
place or if it's just converting very
well. A lot of people will join at the
like lowest level of the program. So
maybe that'll pay you like 10 or 20
bucks a month, but if you want someone
to upgrade where you're making like a h
100red bucks a month or you know if you
want them to get like the high ticket,
you know, like mid-t thing that they
might have on the back end, uh most
people will generally
remain at the lowest levels with
recurring based programs. Now, when you
lead with a high ticket program on the
front end, uh the cool thing is is when
you make one sale, that's going to give
you the spending power to likely go in
allin with the recurring base program.
And when you provide a solution for your
customers to be able to earn high ticket
commissions on the front end and let's
say that they get a $1,000 commission or
a $2,000 commission, I believe
personally that they're going to be much
more open and more likely to joining uh
going allin in a recurring based program
that you might recommend. So, if that
program has a high ticket um I I would
say like a more premium type of offer on
the back end where it's a higher ticket
recurring based program and maybe like
another thing above it. And let's say
that maybe it costs like 500 bucks to go
all in with that program, then they're
going to be that much more open to it if
they're making money with the high
ticket program, right? So that is my
personal uh you know my personal I guess
mindset with how I look at it. And now
what I want to uh go over is my number
one high ticket program and my best
recurring program. So if you want to uh
get the best of both worlds and you want
to build up to a full-time income
quickly and also build up to a stable
income as well, then I'm going to
recommend that you check both of these
programs out. And if you want, you could
just join maybe just one of them. If you
just want to focus on the recurring
program to build up, you know, recurring
income and maybe you don't want to do
the high ticket program, then that's
totally fine. Or maybe you just want to
do this one, you know, maybe you just
want to pay one time and get instant
commissions and just send traffic, then
you could do that as well. But what I'm
actually going to be doing is I'm going
to be building out a custom funnel
that's going to help you promote both of
these programs simultaneously. So, it's
going to be a funnel that you're going
to be able to replicate, and it's also
going to have bonuses in place that are
going to encourage your members to sign
up to both programs through you. And
when they do so, they're going to get
access to my private community where I
actually provide support and help them
get up and running and, you know, get
them results. So, that way with the I
would say especially the recurring
program, uh, your retention rate is
going to be a lot higher with that. and
they're also going to be more likely to
go allin with the high ticket program.
So that way you can make the most amount
of money with both of these programs
that I will mention. So the high ticket
program that I want to go over here is
Exodus Elite. This is a program that I
just recently joined a couple days ago.
And the cool thing about this program is
it's a onetime payment. And you also
don't need to go fully allin with this
program right away. So, if you want to
make the most amount of money with this
program, then of course you would want
to come in at this product level right
here. Let me real quick go to the
homepage just to kind of give you a
better um like view of this. So, you
could earn anywhere from $100 to $2,000.
And these are instant commissions. Um
the cool thing about this program is you
get paid instantly however you want. So,
this is Ann right here. Made a $500
commission. We have uh Sean
made a $1,000 commission paid directly
to PayPal right here. And in this
program, there are tons of members that
are getting great results. So, this
program is converting very well and it
has a very high uh earning potential and
you could earn up to $2,000 instant uh
commissions with this one right here.
So, that's the cool thing about it. Tons
of members sharing their results. And
right here, what I want to show is you
have five different levels that you can
come in at. So, with this program, you
are eligible to earn on whatever product
level that you come in at and everything
below. So, when you come in at the $500
level, you could earn $500 commissions.
Um, you pay u you know, you pay for the
product package one time. There is a
small admin fee with each product level.
And once you have bought the product and
paid the admin fee, then you own it for
life and you could earn commissions on
it as many times as you want. So, once
you get just two sales, then you're
going to be in profit for life. and
everything else that you earn is going
to be 100% profit to you with no extra
fees that you got to worry about with
this program. You know, if you just want
to promote this in itself, then uh
that's one thing that's really cool
about this program. The other thing that
that I like about this program that made
me actually join it and for a very long
time, I was hesitant to promote high
ticket programs because I kind of had
this belief that people weren't going to
be willing to invest in high ticket
programs. But um with this group that
I'm seeing right here and with the
amount of results members are getting u
people are definitely joining this
program and it's converting very well.
But the cool thing is is even if you can
only come in at let's say one of these
lower levels right here and maybe you
don't want to go all in right away. What
you could do is you can come in at the
250 level and let's say that you bring
someone on board and they join at the
$2,000 level. In most programs, you
would not make any money at all, but
here you actually do get paid still. You
make 250 bucks because that's what
you're qualified to earn. And then the
rest of that commission gets passed up
to your sponsor who is positioned at
this level. And then when you decide to
upgrade, you only have to pay the
difference. So there is no, you know,
paying full price when you upgrade to
the next level. So if you go from 250 to
500, you only pay 250 in the product fee
and then the you pay the remaining you
you pay the difference in the admin fee.
So, you pay 250 here plus
100 here, then it's like 350 to upgrade.
And then same goes for when you go to
the,000 and then the 2,000 right here.
You just pay the difference and then
once you're all in, then then you're all
in and you can make uh as many
commissions on this for life. The other
thing that I want to mention with this
program is this has been around since
2014. So, this is not a fly by night
company. This has been around for a
while. And one other thing about me is
I'm very hesitant to join most programs
because uh most things that come out
they you know they're hot for a couple
months and then they die off and then
another thing launches and the big
leaders they jump on that they you know
spam their email list to join them in
that thing then it dies off. They ghost
their team that joined them and then
they're on to the next thing. So, this
program has been paying consistently
since 2014 and the compensation plan has
pretty much remained the same um for the
most part. You know, a couple tweaks in
terms of like you didn't always have to
it wasn't always where you pay the
difference. You used to have to pay full
price when you upgraded, but they made
it easier for people who are just
starting to come in at a lower level and
still be able to make money and then get
up to the highest level as quickly as
possible. So, that is one thing that I
really appreciate about this program
right here. Now, my number one high
ticket program that I want to mention uh
right here is a program that I've been a
part of for many years. And I've also
met the owners of this company. So, let
me go to my Facebook uh profile right
here. I didn't have this pulled up, but
I actually met the owners of this
company. It is called the Home Business
Academy. And so, just next month, I'll
be going to one of their events. Um you
know, these this is a picture from the
last event last September. And next
month I will be at um you know their
next event which will be in Missouri. So
that's pretty cool. So if I go to
filters right here um yeah this is Nick
Dan. There's myself speaking right here.
That's the profile picture on my
channel. And then these are the two
owners right here. So this company has
also been around for a very long time.
They've been around since 2016.
And it is one of the highest rated
programs out there. And uh the thing
about this program is it provides you
with tools and resources that you're
going to need for not just online
marketing, but any business that you
want to get into. If you want to build a
physical brickandmortar business, for
example, then you could use the tool
that they give you right here, which is
a website builder tool. And you could
use it to build out very nice looking
capture pages for anything that you wish
to market, whether it's digital products
online or if you want to promote
physical stuff. You could really use
this to market anything that they that
you want. And they also have a ton of
training in here. So, as far as their um
their affiliate program goes, what's
really cool about this is um it is one
of the highest paying recurring programs
that I've seen out there. They pay 80%
recurring commissions. So, what's cool
about this is you can earn up to 128 per
month per customer. And that's because
of the fact that with the three
recurring products they have, Funnel
Builder paying you 20 bucks a month of
25, the traffic, you know, the marketing
training right here paying you $100
residuals, and then the productivity app
that they have on on your phone pays you
a dollar residuals, you make 128 bucks
per customer. Now, if you want to build
up to a full-time income with this, and
maybe you just want to make $3,000 a
month in recurring income, you could do
that in this program with just 25
customers. And that's if they get all
three products right here. And that's
almost unheard of. Like most programs
that are recurring based, you got to
refer, you got to bring on like hundreds
of people to get to a full-time income.
And just to give you an idea, there's
another um you know, tool similar to
this program called ClickFunnels. You
probably have heard of it. That program
is um you know, compared to 25 a month
right here, it's like 97 a month at the
lowest plan. And but that only pays you
like 40% commission. So you make like 48
bucks per sale, I think. So you need a
lot more people promoting that higher
price program than you do here to get to
a full-time income. So what I'm going to
be doing with both of these programs is
I'm going to use the HBA funnel builder
to build out a custom funnel that's
going to promote Exodus Elite on the
front end. So that way you can get paid
instantly. you, you know, you can get
paid, you know, make a thousand bucks or
$2,000, pay your bills right now, take,
you know, use it to invest and grow your
business or whatever you want to put the
money towards. And as you're doing that,
every single referral that you get using
the done for you funnel is going to be
invited to join my private community
right here where they're they're going
to have my trainings that go over
exactly how to mark, you know, get your
link out there, how to get traffic. I
have multiple ways that you you could do
so, including faceless short form videos
right here that you can do literally in
5 seconds and just put text on screen.
And you can do this to get traffic to
anything that you want. But when someone
decides that they want to um you know,
replicate and set up the funnel that I'm
going to have set up, they're going to
be prompted to reach out to their
sponsor inside of Exodus Elite, which
would be yourself. So, you're going to
have your link to this program as well.
And that way, when you um when you
generate a customer, your total earning
potential is going to be $2,000 here,
plus an extra 128 per month, plus an
extra $400
um for this product right here, which is
not shown in the compensation plan for
some reason. But this is just like a
onetime product. It's a $500 product.
pays out uh onetime $400 commissions for
every single sale you get. So, it's 80%
of 500 is what you make right here. So,
528 upfront plus 2,2528
per customer plus 128 per month in
recurring commissions for every single
customer. That is the total amount that
you could earn per customer with just
these two programs alone. And there's a
very good chance that I will have maybe
like two other income streams that I
have in mind as well, which I don't want
to mention yet, but I think that they'll
go along with it. So, I'll probably have
like a a paid traffic source that I'll
recommend. Um, I'm thinking I might do
like Traffic Zest or something like
that. I haven't fully decided, but I'll,
you know, include a traffic source that
you can earn commissions with as well.
And whenever someone joins you in that
program, then you make commissions
whenever they buy traffic and they
market their business. So yeah, three
different ways and maybe a fourth way
that you can earn commissions just by
promoting one link and that is what you
get when you decide to join me via the
link down below. So go ahead, check out
Exodus Elite down below if you want to
jump in on this. If you maybe just want
to promote HBA,
may maybe you just want to start with
this program um you know stand alone,
then I will still support you. When you
join HBA, you're still going to get
access to my uh school community right
here and you can go through all my
trainings and learn about how to get
traffic. And so HBA also has a really
great um they also have a really great
done for you funnel that you could plug
into. So if I go into the uh links tab
right here, then you could just send
traffic to this link. And so just to
give you an idea on what that looks
like, I can hit uh preview right here
and it has a capture page, but like this
is the VSSL right here. So yeah, I'm
actually on this page. If you watch one
of the videos, you'll see me somewhere
on here from their last event. But yeah,
so they do a lot of really cool stuff
and they have been a around for a long
time. Uh just like how Exodus has as
well. So that being said, check it out
down below. So, I'll have the link to
both of them if you just want to promote
one of them stand alone or if you want
to jump in on both of them and you want
to, you know, be part of the funnel that
that will be here very soon, then uh be
sure to join Exodus down below and I
will see you on the inside. If you have
any questions, drop a comment or message
me directly on Messenger. I will get
back to you as soon as I see your
message. And take care. See you on the
inside.
