UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：How Much Does It Cost To Join Exitus Elite? - WATCH ASAP!
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxHPx6RQlyU

Hey, it's Aura here with a quick video
on Exodus Elite. Right now you're
watching this because you're wondering
how much does it cost to join this
program. So, if you want to earn high
ticket commissions online and you want
to build up to a full-time income,
ideally with this program you want to
come in at the highest level that you
can afford. And with Exodus Elite, there
are five different levels that you could
come in at. You have the 100, the 250,
the 500, the thousand, and then the
$2,000 level. Now, every single level in
this program has a small admin fee that
you got to pay to of course get access
to, and that will give you access to the
reseller rights
of the product that you came in at.
So, the $100 level has a $49 fee.
The 250 has a $99 fee.
The The 500 has a
$199 fee, and then the thousand has a
$299 fee, and then 2,000 has a
a $399 fee. So, it's like 2,400
that it would cost to go all in with
this program. That's a few word I go
straight for the
um you know, the $2,000 level. It'd be
2,000, and then the $400 admin fee is
what it would what it would cost. So,
the thing that I will mention also is
when you upgrade
from let's say you come in at a lower
level like 250,
um when you decide to upgrade to one of
the higher levels, the cool thing is you
only have to worry about paying the
difference. So, if you want to go from
the 250 to the $500
you pay 250, you know, as far as the
product difference goes, and then you
pay a difference in the admin fee as
well. So, that would be like 100 bucks.
So,
um
yeah, you pay like 350 to go from the
250 to the 500, and then that will help
you get you ranked up. And then same
goes for when you upgrade to one of the
higher levels. And the cool thing is you
could just make one sale
at the product you're at and that's
going to help pay for the product
upgrade because you make
you are qualified to earn on whatever
product level that you're at. So, if you
come in at the 500 and then you refer
someone at the 2000, you are still going
to make 500 bucks because that's the
level you're qualified at. The rest of
that commission will then get passed up
to your sponsor and that way you could
just use the
commission that you just earned to then
upgrade to the next level because you
only have to put worry about paying the
difference. So, they've made it very
easy for you to get positioned at the
highest level and then once you are
positioned at the $2000 level then you
own it for life and you can earn
commissions on all the levels as much as
you want. So, that is the cost to should
join Exodus Elite. If you are ready to
jump in and you want to earn high ticket
commissions, go ahead, click on the link
down below, get started today. When you
jump on board, I will get you plugged
into my private community on school.
You're going to have my additional
trainings so you can go through and
you're also going to have my done for
you funnel that you can plug into as
well that's going to have a capture
page, a free lead lead magnet you could
offer and then all you need to do is
send traffic to it and your leads are
going to be followed up with via uh
videos that I've made that help convert
uh your leads into buyers. So, check it
out down below.
Jump on board. I will see you on the
inside. Take care and all the best.
