UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：How To Make High Ticket Affiliate Marketing Work - $2000 Per Sale
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuGL5eNl8hk

How to make high-ticket affiliate
marketing work for you in 2026
so that you can build up a full-time
income online, walk out of your 9-to-5
job, and have total freedom for yourself
to live wherever you want, and spend
more time with your family. So, right
here what you're seeing on screen is a
member by the name of Shawn in the
system that I'm currently running with
right now, and he's actually been part
of this high-ticket affiliate program
for 10 years ago, as you could see right
here. So, uh this program that I'm going
to show you in this video has been
around since 2014. It's been around for
quite a while, and it's still working
very well. It's still converting very
well, and I really love this program
because of the way that it's kept
everything the same, and the owner is
always adding more stuff to it, and it's
still converting very well. So, as you
could see, uh he wrote, "If anyone is
wondering how real this can be, this was
10 years ago this week. This business is
awesome, was then still is the best I've
ever ever been a part of." And as you
could see,
he earned almost 30K, 29K to be exact,
in 12 days with just 30 members. So,
that's pretty cool
um that, you know, he was able to earn
this with just 30 members, and this is
not to make any guarantees, but rather
to give you an idea on what is exactly
possible. Now, inside their Facebook
group, there are tons of members that
are posting their earnings.
$1,000 commission here, $100 here. You
have another member that earned 2,000.
Uh I'm not sure what commission amount
this was right here, but as you could
see, a $500 commission, a 500, a 250, a
$2,000 commission. So, as you could see,
this program
it has the results, it has the social
proof to it, and that's one reason why I
recommend this program. But, the main
reason why I'm a huge advocate of this
program is really the longevity more
than anything else. So, there's a ton of
new programs that launch every month or
so. There's this, you know, new
pre-launch and what all the big leaders
do is they jump on it right away. They
market it to their big list. And the
problem with most new programs is they
don't really pay that much, right? So,
you typically you got to refer hundreds
of people, you know, doing this like
weird binary matrix comp compensation
plan type thing where you earn five
dollars levels deep. And no matter how
great they make it sound, the issue is
with all those programs, most people
they drop off very quickly. And they
don't keep their cons active, right? But
with this program, you could just
generate one or two sales every single
month and that itself can be a full-time
income. So, I also want to talk about
how to actually make this program
convert and get the results. And uh
please be rest assured that when you
decide to partner up with myself down
below, I'm going to have your back
because you're going to get access to my
private community where you're going to
get all of my trainings as far as how to
use, you know, do things like short form
videos, how to do YouTube SEO. I have
some paid traffic sources you could plug
into as well. And I even have many ways
that you can create content without
having to show your face as well. So, if
you want ideas on how to get your link
out there, then you really got
everything that you need inside of my
community. And one of the cool thing
that I do for your members is I reward
them to come in at a higher level. So,
the other issue that a lot of people
face when they promote
any program really, whether it's a
high-ticket program, whether it's an
MLM, whether it's a standard recurring
base program, most people that you bring
on board are only going to join at like
the lower levels. Like they're going to
buy a product that's, you know, 20 bucks
a month. They're going to pay for like
the $100 product. And then you don't
really make that much. But when someone
joins you and they pay you a thousand
bucks or $2,000,
um you know, they join you at one of
these higher levels right here,
then they're going to get additional
support from myself inside of this
community. And I'm going to be helping,
you know, coaching your members to get
up and running and get the results as
well. So, that way you just make more
money for the same amount of work when
you decide to leverage the system that
I'm going to give you. And I'll I'll
also show you what type of funnel that
you're going to get access to when you
decide to join this program. Now, this
program here, Exodus Elite,
like I mentioned, it's been around since
2014.
What's really cool about this program is
you earn 100% instant commissions and
you get paid instantly, uh directly from
the customer. There's no waiting for
commissions to be paid out.
Um you can get paid however you want,
whether that's Cash App, PayPal, Zelle,
Venmo,
uh Bitcoin if you want to get paid
through crypto, that's another option.
And it's really cool. So, uh the way how
this program works is you have what's
known as the Genesis Library. And the
main product that you get here is
digital marketing training.
So, you have videos inside of your back
office. Let me go to the Genesis Library
right real quick. Um go to the video
right here and you have video courses
teaching you how to market your
business. So, whether that's with
genera- generating leads, leveraging
social media, uh list building,
uh yeah, social media income, making
money with webinars, you have a training
on that that you can learn from. And so,
of course, the higher level that you
come in at, the morning more training
that you'll of course have access to. Uh
but keep in mind, every single product
that's in here is just a one-time
payment. So, there's no multi fees with
this. When you buy a product, you have
access to it for life.
And then you can go through the training
there and you also can earn on all the
levels below at no extra cost. So,
ideally, if you want to make the most
amount of money possible, then you of
course would want to come in at the
highest level that you can afford right
right off the gate.
And the highest product package here is
just 2,000 bucks. So, the other thing
that I should mention as far as the 100%
commissions go,
each product has a admin fee and that's
of course how the company makes money.
So, that's of course how you're able to
earn the 100% commissions. So,
just keep in mind when you join at the
G100, for example, the total amount is
going to be 149. The 250 will be 350.
The 500 will be 700. The 1,000 will be
1,300, and then the 2,000 will be a
one-time payment of of 2,400. And so,
once you have made that purchase and you
are
right here, then there's nothing else
you need to buy, and you can make money
on all the product packages as many
times as you want. So, that being said,
as far as how the compensation plan
goes,
you again you're you're able to earn
commissions up to the level you you are
at and everything below. So, if you come
in at the 1,000,
you can make commissions up to $1,000.
And then, but if someone joins you at
the $2,000 package,
the nice thing about this program is you
are still going to get paid. However,
it's only going to be a thousand bucks
because this is what you're qualified
at. The other 1,000 will go up to your
sponsor if they're at the if they're
qualified at the $2,000 package. And if
your sponsor is not there, they would be
the sponsor above them if they happen to
be positioned at this level. So, if you
want to make as much money as possible,
then again you'd want to come in at the
highest level. However, the other cool
thing about this program is when you
decide to upgrade to a higher package,
you only have to pay the difference. So,
unlike other high-ticket programs where
you got to pay the full amount, there
was another program I was in it was
similar to this program, you know, it
had a similar setup, but when you went
from like the 250 to the 500, you had to
pay the full price. And if someone
bought a higher package, all of it went
to the sponsor. Whereas here, you get
paid regardless of what level you're at,
and the minimum you're going to make is
100 bucks if you're at this level right
here. So, it's still a pretty good
program even if you come in at the 100
and decide to just upgrade as you go.
But of Of you want to get
fully in profit as quickly as possible,
then you want to come into the at a high
the highest level that you can afford
right off the gate. Now, as far as how
you actually make sales with this
program, um one other one other thing
that you get access to with this program
is you get done-for-you funnels. So, if
I go over to the marketing
uh tools right here,
you have done-for-you lead capture
pages.
And what's cool about this is each of
these pages, when someone opts in, uh
they have follow-up emails leading them
back to the offer, and that's until they
buy. So, of course, most people aren't
aren't going to buy right away. That's
totally fine, but um you know, the
system's going to send follow-up emails
getting them back to the offer. And then
they, you know, maybe they you have
someone that joins you
7 days down the line or a month down the
line, and whenever they decide to sign
up, then of course, you'll get the
commission. Now, my personal
recommendation is if you want to um you
know, increase conversions even more
with, you know, compared to what they're
giving you right here, I recommend
having your own funnel system in place.
And to give you an idea on what you're
going to get when you decide to join
through me, like I mentioned, you're
going to get the school community, but
also, I'm going to have a custom funnel
set up for you, where it's going to have
uh custom videos by myself going over
all the benefits that they get in the
program.
They're also going to get It's also the
the videos are also going to explain
what they get when they join our team,
whether that's through you or um yeah,
basically, when they join within this
team, basically. So, uh you're going to
be able to replicate all the videos that
I have right here. And then, when they
click on the button below the video,
then that this will be like your
affiliate link right here to the
program. So, uh what I'm actually going
to be creating right here is it's going
to be a free training series, like a
free boot camp that you can promote. So,
all you have to do is market this
online,
get someone to the raise to raise their
hand for a free training. When they go
through the training, they're going to
learn about affiliate marketing, they're
going to learn about digital marketing,
how to make a full-time income, and uh
this program will be led as the number
one recommendation for hey, if you want
to make a full-time income, you need a
high-converting system like this.
And then um it'll sell them on the other
idea of joining the program. It'll have
your link down below. When they join
you, they're going to get an access to
my additional trainings, my private
support,
um you know, one-on-one support with
live video coaching calls, and that's
mainly going to be for those who join at
one of the higher levels. So, that way
um when you make a sale through this
funnel that I'm going to build, it's
going to be more likely that someone
joins you at one of these levels so that
you make the most amount of money,
assuming that you decide to get started
right here. So, that's the other thing
that you get, and the cool thing about
this type of funnel is you're giving
them value for free on the front end,
right? So, most people are not going to
be ready to buy right away, especially
if it's a high a high-ticket program.
But, if they go through a training like
this and they get, you know, some value
out of it, then they're going to be that
much more open, and then you add this on
top of another follow-up series that
they're going to get from me where I
just have additional trainings, um you
know, going over additional things as
far as like like what to learn in
affiliate marketing, additional bonuses
that will prompt them to be more likely
to join uh you in this program as well.
So, the other thing that I want to
mention about this funnel that I'm going
to build is when they join the program,
they get in the community,
they're going to be prompted to get the
funnel builder tool
uh that's going to help them replicate
this funnel. And so, they're going to be
prompted to reach out to their sponsor
in Exodus Elite, which is going to be
yourself.
And if you want to earn an extra income
stream on top of this, then you could
also make money with this funnel builder
tool, which um is just 25 bucks a month,
but uh every referral that you get pays
you 20 a month. And then on top of that,
they have another product inside that
pays you an extra $100 a month. And then
you could, you know, make 120 a month
per customer. Um so that's They have
like two other products you can make
money with. Uh one that pays you $8 uh
per month per referral. And then there's
another product in here that pays you an
extra 400 bucks a month. So,
with just these two uh programs alone,
your total earning potential per
customer is 2,000
528 per month uh 2,528 per customer plus
128 per month on top of that. Just from
one customer alone. So, if you're
looking to build up a full-time income
online, you don't want to have to do
like these
uh
you know, you don't want to have to like
bring on like a whole team of people and
then, you know, depend on them to
duplicate when they don't make that much
per sale anyway, then ideally you want
to have a program like this because you
could just get one or two one or two
sales a month
and that that itself can be a full-time
income. And even if you even if you come
in at one of these lower levels,
just get a sale here,
pay the difference as you go, you know,
pay a little bit less. Um you pay uh the
difference in the admin fee as well. So,
like if you go from 250 to 500 and let's
say you make a sale here, you make 250,
put that 250 towards a product, you only
pay 250 for the upgrade, so it's free
here. And then you only pay
99 out of pocket or 101 to be exact 100
to be exact. You pay 100 to go from here
to here
when you make one sale at this level.
And so on and so forth. So,
yeah, it's really not that much when you
uh consider that, you know, the fact
that you're only paying the difference
and um you still make money even if
someone joins you at a higher level.
Um so that just makes it a lot easier
for even if you're brand new and you
don't have a big following to uh still
get your link out there. And the cool
thing is you don't need a massive
following online in order to uh make a
ton of money. And that's why I recommend
these programs even for people who are
brand new, because with other programs
that
are more low ticket or or even ones that
are recurring, you still need a decent
amount of traffic to get, you know, some
you know, a good income. But with this,
you don't need that many sales to make
a, you know, life-changing income, which
is the the beauty of the of programs
like this. So,
that being said, you can check out
Exodus Elite down below. Uh that'll be
the first link. And if you have any
questions about this, feel free to drop
a comment below or message me directly
and I'll get back to you as soon as
possible. Otherwise, jump aboard right
now. Take care and see you on the
inside.
