UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：How To Earn Instant $2000 Commissions (High Ticket Affiliate Marketing)
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZupJecTfep8

How to earn instant commissions anywhere
from $100 up to $2,000.
I'll show you exactly how you could do
this step-by-step in this video. Real
quick, some proof of concept and these
are results from many members inside of
this group right here. So, uh this
member Ann earned a couple $2,000
and right here $2,000 sent directly to
her Bank of America account right here.
So, yeah, these are well, not all within
the same day, but multiple payments that
she's earned right here.
Next, we have Matthew got his first $500
commission of the year. So, what's cool
about this program is you can get paid
however you want. Cash App, PayPal,
Zelle, Venmo,
um Stripe, TransferWise, whatever you
want to use, you can get paid directly
from the customer, which is pretty cool.
So, when you make a sale this program,
you can earn up to $2,000 instant
commissions and it just goes straight to
your bank account, which is really nice.
Uh here is another commission from a
member named uh
Serge Royet. I think that's how you
pronounce his name.
250 bucks right here.
We have another member by the name of
Sherry got a $100 commission.
And then we have Ann here again with a
$500 commission. And then we have Shawn
with a $1,000 PayPal commission. Now,
what is this system? How exactly does it
work and how exactly do you of course
start earning high-ticket commissions
like these members inside of this group?
Well, we're using a program called
Exodus Elite. And at any point in this
video, you will go check it out down
below. I will have some really cool
bonuses that you will get access to when
you decide to jump on board. But this
program here has been around since 2014.
So, this is not a fly-by-night company.
This is not a get-rich-quick thing. Um
this is going to take some work and you
are going to have to learn how to go out
there and market, but as long as you can
do that then you can earn high-ticket
commissions inside of this program and
results are not guaranteed. So, it takes
hard work work to generate results with
anything that you decide to get into.
So, hopefully you understand that, but
that being said, I'll talk about how
this program works. Now, this platform
right here is a digital education
platform. So, what do you get when you
become a customer of Exodus Elite? Well,
what you're getting access to is digital
marketing training
that you can use to grow really any type
of business that you want, right? So,
here you have the Genesis library and
these are all of the five product
levels. So, if I go into
G100 for example,
you will get videos that will teach you
things like how to sell high-ticket
products,
the 10K blueprints, how to make money
with Facebook groups, social net
messaging apps, instant
email marketing, then you have training
here about cryptocurrency. And on the
homepage, if you want to get a full view
on what is included in all the products,
then this pretty much shows you what you
get inside of each level. So, of course,
the higher level that you come in at,
the more you know, trainings you get
access to. So, the 250 includes more
trainings right here. Email marketing,
webinars, social media,
the $500 level right here
has more training about social wealth
building. You got some personal
development training here, podcasting,
and then the $1,000 level has training
with
you have interviews with high earners
right here. So, Ray Higdon, you've
probably heard of him, Tracy Walker,
Todd Falcone,
and Evan Klassen. So, yeah, tons of
well-known names right here. You have
Jeff Mills, he's done very well as also.
And then the $2,000 level has even more
training right here, right? So, that
being said, this program, what's really
cool about it is with their compensation
plan, it has been working very well
since 2014. And the cool thing about
this program, you know, the reason why I
decided to jump on this is because, you
know, typically for me, I'm very
hesitant to join most things because,
you know, most programs that come out
are very fly-by-night. Like, they're
here today and then like 3 months later
it dies off or, you know, you know, the
next thing pops up and then the big
leaders jump onto that. But, this
program has remained pretty consistent
since its launch. So, the way how this
program works is inside of each of the
levels, let me go back to the home page
right here, you have five different
product levels like I mentioned. So, you
have the G100, the 250, the 500, the
1,000, and the $2,000 product right
here. So,
each of these is a one-time payment.
There's no monthly fees you got to worry
about. When you join at any one of these
product levels, you get access to that
product and everything below beneath at
no extra cost. And whatever product
level that you come in at, you are
eligible to earn commissions on that and
everything below.
Right? So, for example, if you want if
you were to come in at the $1,000 level
right here,
you pay for the product, which is 1,000
bucks,
and then there's an admin fee, which is
$2.99. So, each of these have have an
admin fee, and that's just how the
company makes money, that's how you're
able to earn, you know, 100%
commissions. And then of course, when
you make a sale at this level, then you
make 1,000 bucks. And like I mentioned
with um, you know, with these pictures
that I showed you right here, you can
get paid however you want, so there's no
um, you know, you can get paid via
PayPal, Cash App, Zelle, Venmo, whatever
you want to use, and there's no waiting
for commissions to be paid out either.
So, a lot of other programs, you make a
sale
and then you got to wait a week, two
weeks, even a full month before you get
your money. And then if the customer
decides to cancel or do a chargeback,
then you lose that sale. But here, when
you make a sale, you it pretty much hits
your account instantly, which is one
thing that is really nice. So,
yeah, the way how this program works is
you could earn at the level you're at.
If you refer someone
and they come in at a higher level than
what you're at. So, let's say that
you're at the
500 level right here and you bring
someone in, they join at the G2000.
Well, the nice thing about this program
is you are still going to you are still
going to get the commission. So, you're
going to earn 500 bucks because this is
what you're qualified at. But the rest
of the
commission's going to go up to your
sponsor. So, they're going to earn the
1500. And then what you could do is if
you want to upgrade, then you only have
to pay the difference. So, there is no
having to pay full price. Like if you're
here, you don't have to pay 1000 bucks
and then get, you know, then pay the
full admin fee. Instead, you only pay
the difference. So, you pay the
difference in terms of the product
package. You only pay 500 here.
And then the admin fee, you would only
pay 100 bucks in this case. So, like 600
to go from the 500 to 1000. And then
once you're here, then you could earn
commissions on this for life. And then
same goes for when you upgrade to the
$200 product package right here. So,
pretty simple comp plan right here. It
is converting very well for a lot of
members and a lot of newbies are doing
well with this program also.
But of course, once you become a member,
then your main goal is of course getting
traffic to your link. So, when you get
on board,
you'll go through a few videos here
that'll show you how to set up
everything. So, this has a few welcome
videos here.
So, you got the back office training
videos
that'll go over like how to set up your
profile up and everything. And then all
you really need is your own website
domain, which they show you how to set
up. It's pretty simple. And then once
you have that, then you're going to have
your own custom link that is going to
lead to one of the capture pages that
you have. So, just to give you an idea,
I want to show you what
mine looks like real quick. I think if I
go into marketing here, I should be able
to show you um
which ones that they have. But yeah,
lead capture pages right here. So, when
you when you become a member, you'll
have a few different
capture pages here. Some of them are
exclusive at the higher levels. So, you
know, like these ones are only at the
$2,000 level, but um you know, you have
these ones that are like the 250 and
then the 100. So, these are like
available to everyone pretty much,
right? So, you can open up this one
right here to give you an idea. Um if I
click on preview,
so you'll have this page. And then the
way this works is you simply just want
to get traffic to this link. Now, the
question is how do you how do you go
about getting traffic? So, when someone
lands on this page, they opt in.
They will land on the video sales letter
that will explain about all the benefits
of this company
and why they should join. And then when
they join through your link, then that's
of course where you're going to earn the
commission. So, the way that you go
about getting traffic, I want to show
you two different ways that you can go
about getting traffic. One of them is a
paid traffic method, and then the other
is free. So, as far as getting paid
traffic goes,
one platform that I will recommend here
is called Udemy. And you could simply
just buy a thing, you know, it's a thing
called solo ads. If you're not familiar
with what how solo ads works, it's
basically where you just pay one of
these vendors to send traffic from their
email list. So, I can go into like this
guy's right here. And then um
the benefit here is all you really have
to do is just pay for the amount of
clicks that you want. And then you just
give them the link that you wish to
promote. So, I can say that I want, you
know, maybe just 100 clicks sent to my
link right here.
And what will happen is
when you send, um, you know, for
example, 100 people to your capture page
link, on average you're going to get
around 30% of people that will opt in
with their name and email.
And even if,
even if it's not, you know,
a massive amount, even if that doesn't
sound like much, you know, only getting
like 30 people, the benefit is is when
you get someone on your email list, what
this program is going to do is it's
going to follow up with your leads
consistently, and it's going to get them
back to the offer. So, one thing to be
aware of, you know, regardless of what
you're promoting, especially if it's a
higher ticket program like this,
most people are not going to join the
first time that they see something, and
typically it's going to require a couple
exposures before they feel comfortable
pulling out the credit card and actually
buying. And so, once you finally get
someone to join, then that's of course
where you're going to earn the
commission
right there. And then the other cool
thing about this company that I will
mention is they even have phone sales
closers. So, if you, for example, send
someone, um, you know, the link to this
on, like, let's say Facebook Messenger.
You invite someone on your friends list
to check this out, and they have
questions that they want to ask you, and
then they say, like, "Hey, you know, I
have, you know, questions. Can I get on
the phone with you?" What you could do
is you could just say, you know,
"Hey, check out the link right here, and
then you can call the number that's on
this page." So, um, if you do decide to
go with that, then, uh, they will take a
20% cut of whatever commission that you
earn. So, that's just one thing to be
aware of, and, um, in my case I'm
leaving it off for the most part, unless
if someone specifically asks to to get
on the phone with me, then in that case
I'll temporarily turn it on. That's how
I'm doing it, but if you are not super
salesy, or you don't have, um,
you know, a ton of traffic going to your
link yet, then that is something that
you might want to use, at least in the
beginning and that will help you convert
sales. And so, their um phone sales team
has a 90% close rate. So, when someone
gets on the phone with them, there's a
90% chance that they're going to end up
joining the program. And so, that way
then that'll help you make more
commissions even if you are someone who
is brand new. So, again, the cool thing
about this program is as as I showed you
in that group right here, it's
converting very well.
There's a ton of members getting
results.
And you don't have to be like super
salesy to get results with this program.
Like, you could be um just complete
beginner.
And as long as you know how to get
traffic, you know, whether that is with
solo ads, you know, maybe you just put
your link right here. So, what you do is
you take your link,
copy it, and then you just paste it
right in
this field right here.
You uh you know, buy the traffic and
then they'll send you the clicks within
like 24 hours. And that's pretty much
all you need to start generating leads.
And that's one way that you can go about
it. Another way that I will mention
is you could do uh simple videos like
what I'm doing right here.
So, the thing with YouTube SEO is when
someone searches up something, um they
look up either a product review or they
look up uh best affiliate programs for
beginners 2026, how to make money while
living in Costa Rica, or um while living
overseas, how to become a digital nomad,
you know, these are all topics you can
go over. And then you have your link
beneath the video where someone can of
course join, right? So, with uh videos
like this, with review videos
specifically,
uh these are known to convert very well.
And then of course you have other topics
that you can get into as well. So, how
to start affiliate marketing for
beginners,
how to make money overseas, how to
escape the 9-to-5 rat race. These are
all things that you could talk about.
And of course, uh one thing that I will
recommend is if you have channels that
you follow in the wealth
niche
um then you could check out some of
their videos, see what is most popular
for them, and then you could take
inspiration and see maybe you can make a
similar video to what they're doing. And
so, um the thing with YouTube videos is
you don't have to be on camera if you
don't want. In my case, I mainly do
videos like this, you know, just showing
my computer screen, and you could very
easily just film your computer screen,
um you know, without the webcam on like
how I have it. But,
um I just use a tool called Screen Pal.
It's a free tool that you can get on
your your device. And that is one way
that you can go about uh filming videos
like this. So, that's one way you can go
about it.
But, there's many different different
ways you can get content out there.
Um you could even do short-form videos,
which is one way that I teach in my um
private community that you'll get access
to when you jump on board. Um however, I
would say for high-ticket programs I'd
say that YouTube and solo ads is going
to be the easiest way to start. Um I
would say that if you're doing
short-form videos, so these are going to
be more for if you're promoting like a
uh lower entry program. So, maybe
something that's more like recurring
based. I would recommend this type of
traffic for, but as long as you're
getting your link out there and you're
building up rapport with your audience,
then that is what will allow you to
start earning commissions online with
whatever it is that you wish to promote.
So, that being said, if you want to
check out the program down below then uh
you can get access right here. And my
recommendation
come in at the highest level that you
that you can afford. So, if you can't go
all in at the $2,000 level, maybe start
with the 500 or the 250, and then work
your way up from there.
And as long as you're getting traffic,
then anytime that you make a sale, you
just, you know, you could just invest
and go right to the next level. And then
once you're positioned here, then you
can earn commissions up to $2,000
like I showed you in this group. And
like I mentioned, this program has been
around since 2014.
So, this comp- this company's been
around a while and it is still doing
very well in 2026 and likely in the
years ahead. So, that being said, check
it out down below. If you have any
questions, you could reach out to me
directly on Messenger or via comment
down below and I'll get back to you.
Otherwise, that being said,
I'll see you on the inside and take
care. All the best.
