UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Best Instant Pay Affiliate Program For Beginners - Exitus Elite Review 2026
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OToOTXihL64

If you're looking to fire your boss and
quit your job and have total freedom,
then the best thing that you could have
is an instant pay affiliate program.
In this video, I'm going to show you the
number one instant pay affiliate program
that I found that is allowing complete
beginners to earn high-ticket
commissions online anywhere from $100 at
the very minimum
all the way up to $2,000 at the maximum.
The cool thing about this program is
when you make a sale, you get paid
instantly
directly from the customer. And what
this means for you is there's no waiting
for commissions to be paid out. There's
no waiting a week, 2 weeks.
When you make a sale, the second you get
the notification, you receive that money
instantly. And you can get paid directly
however you want, whether that's PayPal,
Cash App, Venmo, Zelle, or Stripe, or
TransferWise, or cryptocurrency.
Whatever you want to use, you can get
paid directly from the customer, and
then you can just transfer it directly
into your bank account uh right away.
So, that's the cool thing about this
program. And so, one sale of $2,000,
what would that do for you?
If your bills are, you know, let's say
they're right around this amount, maybe
you get, you know, one or two of these
per month, would that make a difference
for you?
If the answer is yes, then uh pay close
attention cuz I will show you exactly
what this program is and how it all
works out. So, uh that being said, uh
the program that I'm going to show you
here has been around since 2014. Um the
it's still converting very well. To give
you an idea, this guy, Shawn, here
posted a couple days ago on the 16th
um that uh if anyone is wondering,
this was 10 years ago this week. This
business is awesome, was then and still
is the best I've ever been a part of.
And within his first 12 days of joining
10 years ago in 2016,
he earned about 29k, actually. So,
almost 30,000 and that's just with 30
members. So,
that's the cool thing about this
program. And the platform that I'm
talking about here is none other than
Exodus Elite. Like I mentioned, it's
been around since 2014, so it's been
around for quite a while. This is not a
new program by any means. But, the
reason the number one reason that I
recommend this right off the bat is
because of the longevity. So, I jumped
on this program because I don't like
joining new programs. I don't like I'm
not a fan of pre-launches. Most of them,
I'd say
95% of programs are complete garbage
because they're really hot for like the
first 3 months and everyone's jumping on
it when the program isn't even fully out
launched yet. And then, you know, you
don't know if like the product you're
promoting is like of actual quality. And
then also,
um once the program is fully out and
then after a couple months, typically
the momentum dies down. And then, all
the big leaders that brought you into
that program, they are off doing
something else. And then they lure those
same people that joined you
towards that new program that launched.
And so, that's the issue with most new
programs. Most new programs also don't
pay that much anyway. So, a lot of new
programs that I'm seeing recently, they
have like this weird
binary matrix style compensation plan
where you got to bring on like six
people to make like like 50 bucks or
something like that. Or it's like you
make $5 and then it it's like $5 for
like five people.
Um yeah, it's really weird. You don't
really make that much, but they try to
make those these programs sound good
because um you know, because of the
momentum and because of like, you know,
when you have this big team, then you're
making like 20,000 a month or something
like that. But, um the the most those
programs, they benefit the owner and the
big leaders more than everyday people
like you and me who don't have a massive
following online and just want to plug
into something simple.
Maybe you don't have, you know, hundreds
of thousands of followers, but you just
want to start with maybe, you know,
maybe you just have a couple of hundred
followers on a platform, right? And you
just want to promote this. You get one
sale per month and that itself can be an
extra $1,000 or $2,000. So, 100%
commissions,
you get paid instantly, and what this
program has is the Genesis library. So,
you have five different product packages
ranging anywhere from 100, 250, 500,
1,000, 2,000.
These are all one-time payments, by the
way. There's no monthly fees to this
that you got to worry about. So, when
you become a member
and you own one of the product packages,
you own it for life and you can earn
commissions on it as many times as you
want. So, uh right here what you get as
a customer is you get access to digital
marketing training. This uh these
methods here you could use to grow your
Exodus Elite business. You could use it
for any other business you want to get
into. So, if you want to learn about,
you know, using Instagram ads, you know,
they have a training in that uh in the
$100 level right here. But, of course,
the uh you know, the higher level you
come in at, the more training you get
access to. And so, the $1,000 package
right here, of course, has, you know,
uh training here from, you know, you got
the millionaire mentor interviews. You
could learn from guys like Ray Higdon,
for example, you know, you fairly
well-known names. And then the $2,000
package has even more training about
different business models as well. So,
yeah, there's really something in here
that you can learn for almost anything.
And the other thing about this program
is they have both the video and the
audio versions of it as well. So, if you
want, you could even listen to the
lessons while you're at like at work,
for example. You could have like your
ear earbuds in
and you're just listening to one of the
videos and then uh you could just learn
that way as well. So, yeah, that cool
thing about this program is um you earn
100% commission, which is the product
package right here. So, you make a G1000
sale, that's 1,000 bucks paid directly
to you. The 2,000 is a $2,000 commission
as you could see as you saw right here.
And the other thing about about this
program is
um
this incentivizes people to buy the
highest product package because the
higher product package you come in at
means you're you're eligible to earn
commissions on that level and everything
below. So, if you want to make the most
amount of money possible in the quickest
way, then ideally you'd want to come in
at the highest level you could afford,
which would be the $2,000 package, but
if you can't come in at this level right
away, which is totally understandable,
then you could start at like one of
these lower levels like the 500 for
example, right? And the way how this
program is made it easy for people to
get fully qualified here is let's say
that you come in at the 500.
You make a sale and someone joins at the
at the 1,000, right? So, the nice thing
about this program compared to other
instant pay programs is you are still
going to get paid, but it's only going
to be the 500 because this is what
you're qualified at. So, the remaining
500 or the remaining 1,500 will be
passed up to your sponsor that is
qualified at the corresponding level.
And then if you want to upgrade anytime,
you could just take the commission you
earn here
and then you could put that towards the
next product package and just pay the
difference. So, when you upgrade from
when you upgrade a product package, so
let's say that you start here at 500,
you go to the 1,000,
the cool thing is you only have to pay
the difference. So, when you upgrade
from 500 to 1,000, you only have to pay
500 for the product and then you just
pay the remaining admin fee, which would
be 99 in this case. And then same goes
for when you upgrade it to 2,000, you
could maybe just get one sale here for
1,000,
just pay 1,000 um not out of pocket, so
you just pay a thousand for the product.
And then you pay 99 again. And then
you're fully qualified and you can earn
commissions at this level as many times
as you want. So, the thing about this
program is you only need about two sales
to get in profit.
And then once you're in profit, then you
own it for life.
You can earn commissions as many times
as you want.
And then every single sale that you get
is 100% profit to you. Unless if you're
doing something like paid traffic. But
in my case, I mainly recommend doing
free marketing. And when you decide to
get started below, via the link down
below, you're going to get uh on my
team, which is also going to get you
access to my private community. And I
have additional trainings that go over,
you know, how I personally market
online. So, I do both YouTube SEO. And
then I've also done very well with
short-form videos as well. And you could
use these methods to promote this
program and get some really great
results. So, as long as you have even um
you know, just a couple leads opting
into your page per day,
you know, the second you get just one
sale, then that's going to pretty much
change your whole month, right? And then
uh from there you can promote other
products as well if you want, you know,
that's completely optional, right? So,
the other thing that I'm doing with uh
that's going to be exclusive to my team
is I'm going to have a done-for-you
funnel set up,
multiple of them, actually. Uh one of
them is just going to have a regular
VSL, just talking about the benefits of
the program. And then I'm going to have
another funnel that you could promote,
which is going to be a like a three-day
boot camp.
And that's going to then, you know, it's
going to talk about affiliate marketing,
how to make money with it, and then
it'll talk about the number one program
with your affiliate link down below. And
then when you leverage it, then that'll
help you get sales as well. So, that uh
funnel that I'm I'm to build, it's going
to be built on a platform called HBA.
The cool thing about that platform is
you could also promote it if you want
and make 80% recurring commissions. So,
you could earn an extra $100, you know,
128 per month to be exact, per customer.
And anyone that you refer here, when you
promote Exodus Elite and they join your
team, they they join, you know, our team
through you, they're going to get access
to all my training as if they joined
through me.
They're going to be incentivized to come
in at the higher levels, you know, the
thousands or the few thousands, so that
way you make the most amount of money
because when you come in at one of these
higher levels, you're going to get
access to
uh video coaching calls with me.
So, that way I'm going to help you get
up and and running a lot easier. And
then the other thing is when they decide
to replicate the funnel, that's going to
be hosted on HBA, they're going to reach
out to their sponsor, which is going to
be yourself in this program. They're
going to get your referral link, they're
going to sign up through you, and then
that's going to be an extra income
stream um for the same amount amount of
work. So, you're promoting one link,
which it would be the the funnel that
you have for Exodus Elite,
and you could either use the
done-for-you funnels that they give you
here.
So, you know, they have these
nice-looking capture pages. They got
their own built-in autoresponder. This
alone, their own capture pages that they
have, they convert very well, which is
really great. And um even if you don't
get sales right away, there are people
that will join later on. So, you might
have someone that sees a video
presentation right away, and maybe
they're busy, maybe they got something
else going on, maybe they don't have
they don't have the money right away,
but maybe in 7 days they might have the
money. So, um circumstances change,
you know, and you might have someone
that is
highly interested, but if you get the
offer in front of them enough times,
then they're eventually going to sign
up. So, that is a cool thing about this
program, and they even have a phone
sales team
that will help you close sales on your
behalf. So, if you
for example, are talking to people on
Facebook or you are let's say that
you're doing solo ads for example. So,
let's say that you're going to a
platform like Udimi
and let's say that you're you're doing,
you know, you're not posting content at
all, you're not doing YouTube videos,
you're not posting on TikTok and you
just want to promote the program, but
you're not creating videos yet or you
don't maybe you don't feel like it for
some reason, which I recommend it, but
you know, if you just want to go this
route and just, you know, pay for
clicks,
then you could just
give them your capture page link,
whether that be, you know, you just
maybe you could just give them this one
and then you could have the phone sales
team close your leads for you. And so,
the cool thing about the sales team is
they have a 90% close rate. So, when
someone gets on the phone, there's like
a 90% chance that you're going to get a
sale, which is really nice. The only
downside is they're going to take a 20%
cut because they're taking time out of
their day. So, if you want to use them,
then
just know that you'll make a little bit
less money, but it's still going to help
you make sales. I mean, 80% is still
really good. So, I mean, if you get
$1,000 sale, then that's 800 bucks that
you get still paid directly to you and
then $2,000 sale would be 1,600. So, I
mean, it's still pretty good. You're
still making a good amount of income,
but in my case, I have the setting
turned off just because
I want to make the most amount of money
and I'm going to provide a ton of
bonuses that in my case, I don't think
I'll need the sales team. So, the
program already converts very well as
far as the results in this group right
here and there's tons of members that
are posting their earnings. So, yeah, 2K
commissions here.
Really nice and then someone else
recently in the in the group just had a
$2,000 commission,
which I'll show here. So, if I go back
to
Uh, me see here. Go back to Exodus.
Yeah, so $2,000 sale right here 8 hours
ago. So, still converting very well. And
that's even 10 years later. So, check it
out down below. Click the first link.
Jump on board. Come at the highest level
you can afford. I will see you on the
inside and inside of my private
community right here where I will give
you all the information, all the help
that you need to get up and running and
get in profit as quickly as possible. No
income results guaranteed. It's
dependent on the work that you put in,
but as long as you show up and you get
your link out there, then the sky is the
limit. So, take care and all the best.
