UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Traffic Ignition Review 2026 - Can You Really Earn $19,525 Per Month?
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SfW_1lbaG8

Is Traffic Ignition worth your money?
Should you join this program? And can
you really make $19,525
a month as a complete beginner online
without personally referring anyone and
all while paying you to build your list?
Is that actually true? And is it
realistic for the average person getting
online? So, I'm going to talk about
everything that you get inside of
Traffic Ignition and then you can decide
for yourself whether or not you want to
join this program or if you want to
invest your energy and time elsewhere.
So, this program right here is a rather
new program that's come out. Um, they're
still kind of in their like pre-launch
founding phase right now and I believe
that's until the 31st of August. So, I'm
filming this on the 21st of the month
and so this program, the way it's set
up, this is meant to be a marketing
system that was built by the owners of
Traffic Authority. So, the main owner of
Traffic Authority is Greg Chambers. He's
been in the online industry since uh,
early 2000s and he has one of the most
successful
uh, traffic online traffic stores for
affiliate marketers, right? So, you
might have heard of this platform right
here and it's a very popular place for
affiliates and home-based business
owners to go and buy traffic, but the
issue with Traffic Authority for a lot
of people is that the packages are quite
are kind of expensive. So, if you
compare this to a platform like Udimi or
Traffic Zest or Solo Ads X,
um, these packages are more, but one of
the selling points of uh, Traffic
Ignition is the fact that you are also
going to get access to their wholesale
traffic store where you could buy
Traffic Authority traffic at much lower
prices. And so, how much does this
program cost? And then I'll also talk
about how much can you earn as an
affiliate of this exact program. So, to
join this program, it is $49 a month and
as a member of Traffic Ignition that's
also going to get you access to some
training as far as how to promote your
business and then you're also going to
get access to the wholesale traffic
store which I'll show you
kind of what that looks like. So this is
inside of their previous system
Affiliate Mentor and this is what you
would get, right? So
you know just kind of give you an idea
they have like for example $497
will get you
180
guaranteed leads and like 800 clicks
whereas if you were to buy directly from
Traffic Authority like 800 clicks would
be like a thousand bucks. So it's like
you kind of pay like half that
if you're a member of
this program right here. So that then
that being said the other thing with
this program is they have a 5 by 5
Morris Matrix
common compensation plan where you make
$5 position I'll talk more about that
and then you also make $40 on a fast
start bonus
on one of the other products that's on
the checkout page. So I'll show you what
that looks like as well. So if I scroll
down here this kind of goes over
everything you know kind of
mentioning other problems in the you
know as far as other traffic sources go
and then if I scroll down here you know
kind of sells you the idea of like this
is like you know you're buying traffic
in bulk but it's not at like full prices
basically
and then it is where you can you know
kind of join right here. So you can join
right here for 49 bucks
and then this goes over the compensation
plan. Now the way that they sell this is
it's like oh this is better than
other matrix style programs. Me
personally I'm not really a huge fan of
programs that are you know that use this
type of compensation plan because I feel
like they kind of benefit the owner more
more so than the actual affiliates and
the reason why I believe that is because
you know, this also goes for a lot of
MLM companies as well, network marketing
companies. When you are building a team
and you're bringing people on board, of
course, the main earning potential comes
from people under you duplicating,
right? Now, the problem that with that
most network marketing companies have is
you can you know, you can have the work
ethic, right? You could be putting in a
ton of work, you could be posting the
videos, you could be investing lots of
money on on paid traffic, but unless if
your team members actually duplicate
which most people don't, you know, I'd
say like 90% of people drop off, unless
if you bring in a you know, a ton of big
leaders, they're not going to duplicate
what you're doing. And if they do, it's
only going to be for a
you know, certain amount of time until
the program loses the hype, it kind of
dies down, and then the next big program
launches. And then all the big leaders
jump on that. And then those people that
joined you in the you know, in this
program, they're going to flock to that
next program, right? So, that's kind of
the how it is. And so, with this program
they kind of sell it to you like "Oh,
you can make 500 bucks a month if you
bring on 100 people or if you bring on
one person and they bring on like 99."
And you know, then you get like five
bucks
uh you know, for each person as well,
you know, if they bring
like 25 on and then each of those people
bring five people on, you know, then you
can get 500 bucks a month. It sounds
better than other matrix programs, but
it's still not that much compared to if
you were to just promote a regular
recurring based affiliate program where
you can refer, you know, you know, let's
say for example, you promote a program,
it pays you $50 in recurring
commissions, and then if you refer
let's say you know, 150 people
at you know, 50 bucks, then that already
you know, is more than what you're
getting right here, right? Or I'm not
exactly doing the math off the top of my
head, but you know, just to give you an
idea. If I pull up my you know,
calculator here and let's say that you
know, let's say you do 100 per month per
customer, right?
And we times that by you know,
times that by like 50, right? Then
that's like $5,000 that you're making
right there. And so that's like
same amount of work right here cuz I
mean even if you have other members that
bring people on board, your income is
still dependent on them keeping their
membership active. So that's the other
thing that that you have to be aware of
is you can refer a bunch of people, but
then if the program dies off or it kind
of loses momentum, then you could have
people that cancel and then your income
kind of goes down as well. So
for me personally, this program it
sounds like it's really good. However,
it's mainly based on it's mainly
dependent on if members that you bring
on board or actually duplicating what
you're doing and that's going to require
more work on your end. Either you're
going to have to put in more work to
bring people on board and then place
them underneath people that you know,
that you brought in previously or you're
going to have to have a ton of people
that just duplicate as well. And so I
would say that you're just probably
better off just doing a regular
recurring based affiliate program or if
you want to get to a full-time income
quickly without having to bring on
hundreds of people, you know, like how
you would with this program still, then
you can do a high ticket program. And so
those programs in my opinion are really
the best to promote. Now the other thing
that I want to mention about Traffic
Ignition as far as the actual program
itself goes,
something that I should that I mentioned
earlier is that 1 year ago
little over a 1 year ago, there was this
program Affiliate Mentor, right? So this
was created by the same exact company
Traffic Authority and the wholesale
traffic is you know, another selling
point right here, right? So it's almost
like the same type of system in a way.
Um I would say that Traffic Edition
as far as what you're getting for the
price is a better deal than Affiliate
Mentor. Like you get the Wholesale
Traffic Store at for 49 bucks a month
versus Affiliate Mentor. Like for me to
get access to this, it was um like 200
like
200 It was like the 297 that I had to
pay or 397. And then that got me access
to the Wholesale Traffic for a full
year. And then that's on top of having
to pay 49 bucks a month at the core
product right here. And then they had a
$25
product right here which taught AI.
Um but the thing with this program is
like it also had the matrix, you know,
binary complex thing where you got to
bring on six people to make
um like 50 bucks here.
And then with core it was a monthly and
then with the uh VIP Club, you had to
bring on six people to make 500 bucks.
Um which that's like six people paying
uh 397.
Six people paying 397 in total for you
to get paid 500.
Um which I don't really I'm not Yeah,
it's not really not really a big fan of
that type of
uh type of program just because of the
fact that you're putting in
more work for less money basically. And
so that is the main issue that I see
with a lot of programs like this.
And you know, the question the big
concern that I have about this program
is how long until, you know, how long is
this program going to be relevant until
the next program that's like this is
going to come out where it's going to be
the same type of compensation plan, same
style, but just different branding with
the same type of product that that's in
here. So yeah, that's my main issue with
this program. Um you know, can you make
decent income with this? You know, if
you can if you take like, you know, this
into consideration as well if they buy
like the
$100 product, you know, so for
uh where is it here? Um
I had it pulled up, but I think I had to
reset my Actually, yeah, it's in
Well, I think I actually closed it out,
but yeah, so it's like you pay 49 bucks,
and then there's a product here that's
like 100 bucks. It pays you 40%
commission as an upfront, and then
you're really not making that much in
uh in the long term with this program,
you know, compared to other programs out
there. So, if you want to see what I do
personally,
to give you an idea, I promote uh two
programs together. And when you decide
to get started down below, I have my own
school community that I uh built up, and
this has training on how to go out there
and market anything that you want. Now,
as far as what I recommend, um I'm a
I've been a big advocate of programs
that pay both high-ticket commissions
and standard affiliate recurring
programs because with a high-ticket
program, you could earn anywhere from
1,000 bucks to 2K per sale, and that's
with one customer alone.
Um, when you make a sale, you get paid
instantly. There's no waiting for
commissions to be paid out. And then, as
you promote a program like this, then
you could also have a program that pays
you um residual income. So, that could
be something that pays you an extra
128 per month, which is what the program
I'm part of pays as well, and that's,
you know, the other program that I
recommend here. So, this is giving you
tools that you need, such as a funnel
builder tool that you could use to
market anything that you want, including
traffic condition. If you want to add
this as another income stream, then
maybe you'd want to use the wholesale
traffic, which I would say is really
going to be the best part of being a
member of this program. Um, however, if
you're looking to promote this,
it's not really that much, you know, in
as far as like long term goes. So,
um yeah, you can make a lot more if you
promote just regular high-ticket
programs or uh recurring based affiliate
programs because you're you All you
really need is like one or two customers
per month to build up a full-time
income. And then as you're doing that,
you can promote a program where you
don't need to like study the whole
compensation plan, you just know exactly
what you make at with each sale, and it
just pays you more. So, if you're going
to put in the work, then why not get
paid the most that you
most possible for your own efforts
rather than depending on other people.
And that's just the way that I see it
personally. So, that's my personal
opinion of Traffic Monsoon. Let me know
in the comments if you agree or disagree
with anything that I've said. Uh share
why you believe in this program or why
you think I'm completely wrong.
I'm completely open to any
uh you know, any response that this
video gets. Uh let me know your honest
opinion. If you want to check out the
program that I'm using, then that'll be
the first link down below. So, that
being said, check it out if you want to
learn more. Otherwise, give us a thumbs
up and take care. See you on the inside.
