UP主：Theoretically Media
标题：Seedance 2.5 is a GAMECHANGER!
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s40M0IvBEpM

Well, Bike Dance just changed the game,
unveiling Seance 2.5, and it is
impressive. Today, we're going to dig
into that. Plus, in a wave of
announcements, Seance 2.0 also goes 4K.
And well, that's available right now,
but it's going to cost you. Is that
juice worth the squeeze? And I've got a
really cool look at a new feature from
the Clling team. Something that I think
that you're going to be seeing in the
next big update from them. kicking off.
Yeah. In a rather splashy announcement
from the Bite Dance team at the Volcano
Engine Force conference, uh the massive
update to Cance 2.0 was unveiled. The
model upgrade, now officially known as
2.5, has been showcased with specs. Uh
take a quick look at the reel.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no. my prompt.
>> Hello.
>> Is it fixed yet?
>> We're about to play your video at the
event.
>> There's been a small unexpected issue.
I'll fix it right away. Just give me a
few more minutes.
>> Feel it underneath the fire and the
hunger me.
Oh.
Oh,
wait for the thunder.
>> So, that's just kind of a short look at
it. The full reel uh will be available
down below. It's very impressive, but I
think as we dig into the specs, you'll
see exactly how much of a game changer
this really is. 2.5 will be available
with native 4K. The 4K part is actually
available right now for 2.0. Uh, and
that's coming up in our next section.
You'll definitely want to check that
out. The kind of jaw-dropper here though
is that 2.5 will be able to generate 30
second shot lengths. Now, that is double
the current rate. And admittedly, the
spec card reads as single shot, but I am
presuming that's like a loss in
translation issue. I don't think those
30-second shots will all have to be
warners. I presume that multi-shot will
be included here. But the one that I
mean really kind of turned my head is
the massive amount of multimodal
reference you can pack into this thing.
Yeah. Apparently up to 50 references per
generation. 50. I mean that is insane.
And they're saying that this will not
only cover images, video, and audio, but
also 3D assets. Speaking of the 3D
assets, I'm not sure if like the slot
machines here are 3D assets. It kind of
looks like we may have already seen this
right now. I will say with those 50
references, of course, like my head
immediately goes to like, well, you can
put an entire lookbook in there for each
generation. Although, I do want to note
that like in the sizzle reel, most of
the references were around like, you
know, four references per. So, a lot of
times with these reference capabilities,
you know, you you can cram a lot of them
in. How much the model is going to
contain and respect those references, I
mean, that can be a bit questionable.
Look, that said, 50 references, it's a
lot. Additionally, we're going to have
smart and localized editing. So, you can
target very specific parts of your
generation for regeneration kind of
showcased in this timeline UI um where
uh interestingly they do drop 50 files
in there as references. So, and here we
can also see the 30-cond time limit. So,
um I don't know how fullfeatured an
editor this is necessarily going to be,
but again I mean well actually later on
in the video they actually showcase uh
somebody working in uh it looks like I
mean it's probably Cap Cut. It kind of
has a premiere look to it though,
doesn't it? And of course the standard
bingo card slot of stronger consistency
and control. I mean that's basically the
center star on every bingo sheet. Uh but
that said, I mean it does look really
good. Overall, this is a very remarkable
achievement for a.5 update. It does kind
of make your head spin thinking about
what 3.0 might look like. Now, to be
clear, as of today, 2.5 is not available
yet, but it does not look like we'll
have very long to wait as the current
release date is scheduled for early July
2026. Naturally, no word on pricing as
of yet. I we we all do know that Cance
2.0 know is not a budget model and I'm
sure that there will be a new car tax on
the 2.5 model. So I am very curious to
see what the final cost will be in terms
of credits and well dollar costs via
API. Either way, this is a pretty
massive blockbuster to kick off uh well
AI summer 2026. So uh well I mean let
the speculation and hype begin. Moving
on, Seance just went 4K. So now we have
a mini, a fast, a regular, and an extra
large flavor of Cance 2.0. Uh, you know,
the question is less about the flavor
and more about the cost. Now, I do have
to say this just launched as of
recording this video and sort of per
typical uh with like Cance by Dance
releases. Um, you know, things are
running pretty slowly, if they even are
at all. So this these two generations
have been stuck at 99% for like the last
like 3 hours or so. Uh, so I did get a
few off. So, we're going to take a look
at those. Kicking off with Kota's
looping prompt, which I've benchmarked a
number of times here. It's cuz I love
this prompt.
So, definitely not perfect. This was
just a oneshot roll. Um, no
cherry-picking on this one. A lot of
people were wondering why she's making
eggs in the refrigerator, but I'm kind
of thinking there's like some Gordon
Ramsay secret here. On the plus side,
she did not tie her shoes together this
time. So, AI, it is evolving. I mean,
overall, it's fine. This is one of those
prompts that I generally have to run
three or four times before like you you
get that roll that gets everything. Uh,
you know, this this particular one
wasn't its job wasn't to be perfect. Its
job was to be in 4K, and it did pass
that test. Another test. This one not
reference to video, but rather just
straight image to video. Uh, let's check
this one out. Again, the job here is, is
it 4K?
You know the rule, if you're cool, you
never look back at an explosion. And
yes, it did pass the 4K test. Now, I do
have to point out that there has been
some speculation that this isn't
natively generating 4K. Uh that there's
like a sneaky upscaler that's happening
behind it, which I don't know if that's
true or not. But what I can say is that
it's definitely slow and it definitely
costs a lot. In terms of cost, I mean,
there's always kind of that fog of war
around cost and, you know, how that
translates into actual money. So, I
don't know exactly what the cost of 4K
is. Now, I can tell you over on the
mother ship of Dream Enena, uh if we
were just to run this prompt as is at
720, so 15 seconds, uh that would run
you 360 credits. If you kick this up to
1080, you're looking at 885 credits. And
then when you get up to uh 4K, that is a
whopping uh 1,890
credits. So, you can kind of backtrack
the math a little bit there. I mean,
it's a lot. And in my opinion, it's too
much for the squeeze unless you know
that your generation is going to be
exactly what you want. And let's face
it, that never happens. To me, the
better and more costefficient method if
you need 4K is to just generate in like
regular 1080 and then use something like
uh you know, Topaz or a different
upscaler to upscale it as we as we see
here uh between this fight between
Flamethrower Girl and Groundhog's Day
Girl. Granted, there are costs on Topaz,
so you're not getting completely around
the system, but at least you aren't
burning through credits trying to get
the correct shot. Uh, by the way, I've
got my money on Flamethrower Girl here
because the redhead always ties her
shoes together. All that said, if if
you're dying to give the 4K a shot, it
is available now. It It just might take
a while to render. Sliding over to
something very cool that is coming out
of Clling, we have Omni Director, and
it's going to be a very big deal for you
camera control freaks. But first, a word
from today's sponsor, our friends at Art
List. So, if you've been creating with
AI video, you know the feeling. You're
midflow, the shot is finally working,
and the whole time you're doing the math
in your head, watching your credit
balance drop with every generation. So,
you stop experimenting. You settle, and
that's usually right where the best
version of an idea quietly dies. Well,
Artless just took that ceiling off with
unlimited generation on leading models.
VO cling nano Banana Pro and 2 and GBT
image 2 plus a whole bunch more are now
unlimited on select annual plans right
inside the art list AI toolkit and with
unlimited you're creating at the speed
of your ideas instead of the speed of
your budget. Given the range of options
available to you on AI Toolkit or on Art
List Studio, I mean, you could do
anything from taking your own footage
and generating an angle you didn't get
that day to creating entire worlds that
have only previously existed on a script
page. And because you're not rationing
credits, you can run variation after
variation until you find that thing that
you're looking for and in parallel until
it's not a rough pass. It's the cut that
you hand to a client. So now the
distance from brief to finished, ready
to deliver video collapses. Same team
that you've always worked with. Way more
output, zero creative compromise. Your
creativity was always unlimited and now
your generations can be too. The link is
down below. You'll get unlimited
generations plus two free months on Art
List. So go make the thing that you've
been rationing credits on. My thanks to
Art List for sponsoring today's video.
Moving on, we have Omni Director from
the research guys at Quaishu. So, I do
want to be clear off the top, this isn't
necessarily set to be released on Clling
next week or anything, but I do think
that this shows where they're headed.
And in particular, I feel like it's
pretty likely that we'll see a feature
like this on Cling 4.0. So, this feature
works a bit like omni referencing, only
in this case, it's specifically looking
at camera movements, and well, that
includes cuts. an example like this. I
mean, this is one of those ones that
kind of takes your head a second to get
around because what it's doing here is
actually matching the timing of the cut.
Um, and as always, I don't care if that
dog is AI generated or not. It is
adorable. It is happy and it is a good
boy. I mean, it's a pretty wild idea.
And, you know, there's some weirdness to
it. Like, for example, in here, we're
definitely getting the uh camera crane
shot uh from Furiosa here. But as it,
you know, it kicks off, we we have this
woman there. And I think that what she's
doing there is actually sort of
mimicking the propeller blades. So there
could be some really interesting use
cases that come out of like just
experimentation with something like
this. And again, while this isn't
available just quite yet, I think it
gives you an idea of a very powerful
feature that we will be seeing very
soon. I'll be keeping an eye on this one
and I'll definitely let you know when we
get some cleaning news hopefully in the
next few weeks. I I do have my fingers
crossed there. So, I guess that's it for
today. Oh, you know, one thing I did
hear from a few of you that you had
signed up for the newsletter and you
haven't been receiving the newsletter.
Uh, if so, please do let me know down in
the comments. Um, I have to I have to
pay Beehive to send out the newsletter.
So, if I if I'm paying them and you're
not receiving it, well, I'm going to go
give them a give them a little what for.
Um, in the meantime, if you haven't
signed up for the newsletter, you would
like to, please do so at the link down
below. As always, I thank you for
watching. My name is Tim.
