UP主：AI Engineer
标题：500 Skills, Zero Fine-Tuning: LinkedIn's Playbook for AI Agents — Ajay Prakash, LinkedIn
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wZpvF3QleU

[music]
Hey everyone, good morning. Uh
thanks for being here. Uh I see people
are still coming. Uh but yeah, my name
is uh AJ and uh I am a software engineer
at uh LinkedIn.
Today I'm going to be talking about how
we are doing context engineering to
improve the performance of coding agents
at LinkedIn.
Okay. Uh imagine you are a software
engineer in a big tech company and your
products are being used by millions of
users on a daily basis
and you are happen to be on a team which
owns set of very critical services and
you are on call right and you get an
alert saying that there is an error
spike in one of your services
and uh by the time you're trying to
figure out how to deal with this issue,
you take the link to the alert, give it
to a coding agent like Cloud Code or
GitHub Copilot.
While you're trying to figure out um how
to deal with the issue, uh the coding
agent is working in the background, it
will fetch the instructions on how to
debug such issues in your company and
identifies that based on that
instruction, it identifies that this
alert is happening in uh specific
service. Then it fetches instruction and
context on how to debug that particular
service and it will fetch the based on
those instructions it will take actions
like fetching logs metrics and then it
uses those logs to identify the root
cause of the issue right so it
identifies based on the error logs where
the issue is happening and it doesn't
just find the root cause it also figures
out the steps to mitigate the issue and
once it finds all the det details. It
summarizes and give it to you saying
this is this is the error and this is
the issue and this is the actions that
you need to take to mitigate. And once
you confirm, it also goes ahead and
takes those actions on your behalf to
mitigate the issue.
And it doesn't just stop there. Uh it
updates your incident management system
with all the details, error metrics and
dashboards etc. and also it checks out
the code and creates a PR for you uh to
fix the root cause of the issue. All of
this happens in matter of few minutes
which would have easily taken few hours
if you were to do it manually.
This is not fiction. So this is how
teams at LinkedIn are using coding
agents as effective co-workers with deep
understanding of LinkedIn's internal
systems and code to help the teams be
really productive.
And this is possible because of a system
that we built called as contextual agent
playbooks and tools at LinkedIn. And
today I'm going to talk about why we
built the system, how we built it and
what are our learnings from the success.
To understand why we built the this
system, we have to go back to the early
days of coding agents, right? So just
like any other company even at LinkedIn
we wanted to use the coding agents to be
for our engineers and everyone to be
really productive with the AI.
So we started using started giving this
coding agents to all of the engineers
and the problem was the coding agents
doesn't really or the w coding doesn't
really work in a large enterprise at
link um like LinkedIn.
So the biggest problem is the coding
agent or the LLMs are trained on
open-source repos right. So they don't
have the context of how we our uh mature
code bases at LinkedIn or our internal
frameworks or internal systems.
So what used to happen was the engineers
used to do wipe code or try the agentic
coding but because it the agents lacked
context they used to hallucinate and
like get stuck in between or uh even
more dangerous they used to make up
things which is not correct. So the
engineers had to prompt these agents
manually um to do the right thing which
used to take more time than the manual
coding itself. So a lot of people a lot
of engineers went back to manual coding.
So coding agents was not effective
to understand the problem uh to get more
perspective. So if you look at the
LinkedIn stack, we have over thousand
repos which make up thousands of uh
microservices and apps
and we have a lot of all of these apps
and services are built on lot of
internal frameworks and libraries
and we also have a lot of custombuilt
infra. For example, we have our own
databases. We have our own
experimentation and tracking platform.
We have our own configuration management
system which is purely internal to
LinkedIn and coding agents doesn't have
any idea about them
and engineers go through a week-long
boot camp whenever a new engineer joins.
So uh just to get familiar with these
systems.
So
we looked at this problem and we asked
ourselves the question how can we make
any coding agent like cursor or cloud
code or uh GitHub copilot understand our
LinkedIn's internal system so well that
they can ship the code that our
engineers can trust.
By trust I mean the code should be
correct and also the quality of the code
should be as good as uh it is written by
an actual engineer. So that is the bar
we set out and wanted to figure out how
do we get there.
So in early 2025 uh last year so uh
Anthropic released MCB and it it quickly
became the standard for industry
standard for building tools to the
agents. We leveraged that and pretty
early on we built our own internal MCP
and the first tool that we built was uh
code search.
So we have a pretty sophisticated code
search system at LinkedIn where you um
engineers can go and search for code. It
will ingest all of uh search for any
code across thousands of repos using
keywords and custom filters and rejects
etc. So we made that available to the
coding agents via MCP. This was a really
powerful unlock because now you don't
have to manually figure out how to do
better search the agent. You ask a
question. Hey, how do I set up a
particular thing? And the agent can use
the code search tools to figure out the
right examples of how we do things at
LinkedIn and use that to give you answer
and also uh implement it based on the
its findings. This was really powerful.
So we added more tools. We added docs,
uh, Jiraa, Slack, um, even connected to
all of our data platforms and even
feature flags. So every core tool that
we added to our internal MCP it created
more value by comp it it's almost like a
compounding effect because now a
engineer can bring in the PRDS product
requirement documents and design docs
and also their Jira tasks which has mult
uh different context and use all this to
give to the coding agent to automate
their um or help with their coding.
But there was a problem. So you connect
all these tools but it's not enough
right? So even with a slightly complex
workflow the agents used to not do
really well. The problem for example if
you give a context it is uh with the
tools the agent was able to answer
questions answer basic questions and
find code examples but it cannot do a
like a complete job reliably end to end.
The main problem was to do a specific
job end to end it needs to have a lot of
tribal knowledge right. So all of for
example how to fix a particular error or
how to uh configure how do you debug a
particular um error log right so all of
this knowledge even though you have
access to the tools it is scattered
across lot of different surfaces for
example docs wikis and slack
conversations
um etc and most of the times you may
have experienced the docs and wikis
might be outdated written and there
might be like duplicate get docs, right?
So, the problem is the agents even
though they have access to the tools,
they used to get lost.
The second problem was context overload.
As agents use more and more tools,
their context gets overloaded which
means every tool uh tool output it takes
up space in the context which will
eventually cause the agent to compact
its um while it is working compacts it
its context which causes it to lose some
of the information. Then it has to do
all over again.
And the third problem was even though
even if the agent was able to figure out
all these uh details it can it doesn't
have a way to retain this information it
doesn't have a a durable memory. So
every time a engineer asks the uh agent
to do a certain task they have to start
from scratch.
So how do we solve this problem? So we
give this instructions right away right?
So we built a system, we invented a
system in early 2025 called as uh
playbooks where we not only provide the
tools to the agents via MCP, we also
allow the agents to access these
instructions and prompts via MCP. We
call it playbooks. And playbook
it just appears just like any other
regular tool.
uh and they have uh names and
description on what it does and the
agent can decide to invoke that playbook
just like any other regular tool and
when the uh playbook is invoked the
instructions and the context within that
playbook are returned as the tool output
to the coding agent.
So that way the agents have both tools
as well as instructions on how to use
tools to set up a or uh uh perform a
task. Right? For example, uh if the uh
engineer goes and ask like how do I set
up a airflow DAG uh at LinkedIn? The
agent will first decide okay so I have a
playbook for creating um that specific
task and it will use that first fet uh
uses that playbook to get the
information and then it calls the
necessary uh follows that instructions
and calls the relevant tools to get the
job done. This was really powerful
um mainly because now anyone at LinkedIn
can go ahead and create a set up a
playbook and check it into a repository
and make it available for everyone else
at LinkedIn.
So as people started creating more
playbooks so we wanted so this is um one
of two foundational principles we want
everyone to follow when creating a
playbook. The first one is a playbook
should be self-contained which means it
should do a very specific task only um
for example um if it is for setting up a
airflow DAG it should be about the
instruction and the construct should be
about uh one specific task. This helps
the agents pick the right playbook for
the right task. And the second uh most
important one is to break a big playbook
into multiple smaller playbooks.
So this has um and reference those
smaller playbooks from a bigger
playbook. This is a really powerful
um principle because just like um so it
has two main advantages, right? So the
first one is uh reusability. So if you
have a small self-contained playbooks,
it can be used from multiple uh
reference from multiple playbooks and if
you um the another big advantage is
progressive discovery of um context
which means the agent only when it needs
to read a smaller playbook instead of
reading the entire all of the playbooks
at once it can uh progressively go and
read the playbooks as it wants. So this
is the same concept as skills as well.
So playbooks are very similar to uh
skills but we developed this entire
system around playbooks even before
skills was a thing. And uh playbooks are
a little bit more nuanced because it
helps us um it helps us seamlessly
capture all of the organizational
context and service via MCP without much
of a setup.
And another cool thing about this
playbooks is this self-improving loop.
So u you have uh engineers creating
these playbooks and checking into the
repository. And one of the main problem
with any knowledge base is it gets
outdated. How do you uh the biggest
problem is how do you keep the context
fresh right? So great thing about agents
is they can improvise.
So we have we encourage the agents to
whenever they use a particular playbook
at the end of the session to identify
the learnings. So any outdated
information or any discrepancy or any
missing information and we also
encourage the agents to figure out how
to improve the playbook and use that
context to check it uh to update the
playbooks check out the uh repository
and update the playbooks and create a PR
and that once it gets upload it gets uh
the playbooks gets updated right this
creates a really seamless flywheel of a
self-arning loop.
So what does the architecture of a MCP
server looks like?
So this particular system we have one
local MCP server and it is automatically
installed on all of the LinkedIn laptops
by default. So if you join LinkedIn and
you get a laptop, it is pre-installed
and any updates to the uh MCP server or
the playbooks or the tools, it
automatically gets updated every 1 hour
on all the laptops.
And we have a concept of two local
playbooks and central playbooks which
means so central playbooks are the
playbooks which are crosscutting um in
nature, right? So you have um these
playbooks apply for multiple uh
repositories not just one uh code
repository and then you have local
playbooks where it these are the
playbooks which are very specific to
your code repository and you can just
have them checked in with your repo um
uh with your repo and when only when the
coding agents are working in your repo
those playbooks will be automatically
picked up. So this helps us scale the
local playbooks which are very specific
to repo without having to worry about um
uh changing the uh central repository
and also this is one MCP server which is
serving all of the uh playbooks and
tools. So this man helps us do a lot of
uh central things like seamless
authentication, telemetry and u that we
can use for learning to make the whole
uh ecosystem better.
You may be wondering like how many tools
and playbooks it can support, right? Uh
so this is a common problem with MCP. we
cannot scale it beyond 30 or 40 tools
without degrading the uh context or
degrading the performance of the system.
So what we do is instead of uh surfacing
all of these playbooks and tools through
MCP we replace them with three meta
tools. So the first one is search. The
agent first uses this tool to search for
the relevant tools and playbooks using
keywords and tags. U so we also control
the system instructions. Um so every
coding agent is preconfigured with
system instruction on how to use these
tools and how to use the search really
efficiently. And once it finds the uh
right set of tool or playbook, it can
then get the more details about that
particular tool using get schema and
then execute that tool or uh playbook.
So this has allowed us to scale uh to
thousands of tools in playbook.
Um so this is u the growth chart. So now
we have over 8,000 users daily um using
the system daily. using uh tools and
playbooks. So we have over,300
uh tools and over 600 uh playbooks
and it's not not just engineering right.
So it is uh not just engineers but also
product managers, designers, uh TPMS. So
across different functions they are
using the tools and bringing their
playbooks uh to automate their uh
workflows.
uh so I'll leave you with this takeaway
uh key takeaways that can based on our
learning the first one is the system was
successful because we thought about
quality and reliability uh from day one
right so even uh before creating a MCP
server uh we thought okay the our
fundamental principle should be how do
we ensure not just productivity but how
do we ensure the quality and also
reliability of the system so that it
doesn't degrade um as we move fast.
Uh and the second one was u the build
the right infrastructure for agents. Uh
in a large enterprise like LinkedIn,
it's not enough just enough to give all
of the engineers the all the latest and
greatest tools and models. Uh these are
they are not very effective if you don't
build the right infrastructure for the
agents to operate within your
enterprise.
Um yeah that's my time. Thank you for
attending and feel free to connect with
me on [applause] LinkedIn.
