UP主：AI Engineer
标题：The Design-Code Roundtrip That Isn't — Jonathan Gordon, ReWeaver AI
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NW-jwOVr32w

[music]
Hello everyone. I'm Jonathan Gordon. I'm
a founder of Reweaver AAI, a new
company, you know, on the scene, let's
say. I want to share one thing with all
of you that was really fascinating. So,
I I plugged in my laptop and I realized
I had to mirror. So, I no longer have my
speaker notes. So, I went into Claude
and I said, "Can you extract my speaker
notes from my slide deck, please?" And I
had my speaker notes now.
I love AI.
The suspense was killing me. I was
talking to Claude
now. Who knows if it got it right. I
don't know. Whatever. Um, so I also
realized that my title slide buried the
lead. I shouldn't have put it up. Um,
but nonetheless, let's play with this.
So, uh, yeah, my name is Jonathan. Um,
I'm here to talk to you about the design
code roundtrip that isn't.
And I guess probably the best thing to
do first is to explain what I think a
design code roundtrip should be. Um the
design code roundtrip is a full loop
between design and engineering in both
directions without any loss of fidelity
and with a persistent provenence. So it
knows exactly where everything came
from. You know that perfect dream world
that we live in where there is no drift
in between the gaps of design and code.
Um, today's tools, design is amazing.
It's incredible. It's magic. It's I ask
for something, I get it. It's clickable.
It's interactive. It's amazing to me.
But nobody really looks at the code
anymore, it seems. And so, I kind of
want to go there. I want to go into that
space.
Whoops. Of course, I have to get my
mouse to the right location. There we
go. Um, a little bit about me.
past 30 plus years um I've been building
and designing coding tools developer
tools idees at these companies um so
I've spent a lot of time with as a
designer I've spent a lot of time with
design and engineering teams trying to
understand
how do we do that handoff well how do we
hand off from design to code how do we
get what we wanted to be delivered to
the customer um it was never a perfect
science We never got it. We never found
that magic sauce that just made
everything come together where intent
matched the outcome.
Um, but I developed techniques. I
negotiated with engineers. I brought
them out for drinks. I made them my
friends. Um, I got things delivered to
customers.
But the the loop was never closed. Um,
and it's because our outcomes diverged.
engineering had one set of requirements,
technical constraints, design had a
vision for the future, a new rebranding,
whatever. So, this has existed, you
know, dare I say, for decades.
Um, then along comes AI
and LLM and prompting ourself into a
fully running application. In a sense,
now we have one intelligence that
understands design intent and the same
intel in intelligence can write code. So
I thought to myself, oh my god, I think
we might be able to close this loop. At
the speed of inference, we could close
this loop. And so I was curious. Um, I'm
curious by nature. So I went all in.
That's my GitHub before vibe coding
happened on the left on on my left on
your whatever. Um then after so I think
everybody probably gets a sense of what
my life was like from April 2025. And if
you want to scroll till today it's it's
even more so. Um, I got this email from
cursor one day that said I was in the
top 0.1%
of usage of cursor
and I thought to myself, I need to spend
more time outside.
Then there was a bill. Um,
but at the time it was the $20 deal and
I kind of, you know, monitored, but
every now and again I'd pay for a little
bit more, get another hit. Um,
and this was my life vibe coding from
that point in April
until today. Um, I'm trying to figure
out can I go from design to code? Can I
go from code to design? Can I build a
tool to go from design to code and code
to design a full round trip without any
loss of fidelity? That pixel perfect
dream that we have. Um, I remember
vividly uh one day I was, you know, just
hammering away at the keyboard, just
vibing my way. I was really feeling the
vibe. And, uh, this wall of text was
coming by and I was completely ignoring
it and code was being written, just
watching that come by. And I remember
seeing a statement that was an inner
HTML statement.
And I remember from way back when that
inter HTML was a security vulnerability
that people can actually inject into in
HTML and I stopped it. I said, "Wait a
minute, wait a minute." to my LM, "Wait
a minute, what did you just do?" And it
explained to me what it did and it was
very proud of itself. And and I said,
"Revert that. Do this instead." Blah
blah. And I got into this mode of like,
"Oh, maybe I need to steer this thing a
little bit better. Maybe I can't just go
blindly in. Maybe I need to look at the
code now.
And I've looked at a lot of code in my
life. So I went ahead and went in and
looked at the code and I Whoops. I'm
sorry. I clicked too ahead and I found I
found issues. And so I went a little bit
deeper
when the industry started to tell me
that they had solved the round trip
that you could go a true roundtrip
workflow. You could roundtrip between
code and canvas. I think folks in the
room might remember back in February,
no slam on anthropic or Figma, there was
this demo that showed going from cloud
code into Figma. And it was magic. It
was incredible. I couldn't believe you
could build a Figma artboard from a
prompt in Cloud Code. And then I had to
go deeper and I had to look deeper in
the same way that I looked at vibe
coding. Like, is this real? Is the hype
real? So I went deeper and then more
announcements were made all the way up
until last week when Figma config
announced that code is now material.
Does that mean there is no even handoff
that exists anymore? Um so I'm
monitoring trying to keep up. Things are
happening at warp speed.
But they said the roundtrip was solved
and I started messing around and
realized it wasn't. And so I want to
share with all of you
a harness that I built. Whoops. Oh, wait
a minute. Local host, where are you?
Local host,
come back to me, local host. Okay.
I don't know what I don't know what just
happened there. And now I'm afraid to
restart this. Um, okay. I think we're I
think we're okay. Um, I created this
harness. And what this harness is is on.
I'm going to say left. I hope everybody
is that your left. It is your left.
Okay, good. [laughter]
On your left is code that was generated
by AI. This is this is all real what
you're seeing here. Generated by AI and
on your right is a design. Be it a
canvas that that I created in Figma, be
it something I created in Sketch. It's
not really relevant what the sources are
here, but the reality is I'm trying to
illustrate a round trip. And so a round
trip you know starts with code or starts
with design and it has a prompt
associated with it. So some some LLM I
call off and I say in this instance I
want to take this form and I want to
build a design system from it. So there
there are tools that do this that can
extract code and build design systems
from graphical canvases. And so I can do
that. And it updated the code and
created some styles. And it also
actually created um a design system that
works in runtime here. So this is like a
a real app that got built that is also
living in Figma. So there's a link up
here. I won't go there, but trust me, so
we can say stable. If I click that link,
it would go to Figma and show me the
full-blown design system that was built.
And a design system for those that don't
know is composed of components and
tokens and variables and styles that all
are used as a basis for building
software from. So code and design
together, you know, really work well
when there's a design system and there's
a code base that understands it. Now
move back and forth. You throw something
over here and you say, "Okay, I want to
build an orange button." And I've added
a company field and an orange button.
The code is updated. The design is
updated. This is awesome. Could I go
back? Maybe. Um, but I have a button up
here called show drift.
So, show drift is rewaver AI working
right now. And this is real rewaver code
for the first time introduced to the
public ever. And if I click show drift,
I'll see a list of issues that got
generated from both the code and the
design at the same time. There are
across several different dimensions that
you can see here. Design quality, code
quality, performance, design tokens,
etc. One of the ones of note that I find
really important from my perspective is
at Microsoft I worked on accessibility
and I learned a lot about what it means
to build an accessible software system.
And I I want to be honest with all of
you. I was very frustrated when I first
saw LMS come out and they generated code
that was inaccessible period out of the
box. I thought what models weren't
trained on accessibility.
Um, and I was reminded 20 years ago when
you know engineers needed to be trained
on accessibility. So here we are again
now training LLMs instead of engineers
on accessibility.
So found issues. Um, here's an issue
where
has no Arya live region. So it won't be
announced by screen reader. A blind user
using this won't get an announcement
about this element. So Rewaver found
that and Rewaver says it can fix it and
Rewaver fixed it. Now the red went away,
but there's also a blue issue here as
well. Um so Rewaver stacks up issues and
you know basically scans scans the code
and scans the design and produces u
guard rails to a sense but also a way to
fix the code and make it better.
So I did that across multiple dimensions
um you know with the intention of seeing
if anybody had solved the drown the the
roundtrip problem
and it didn't go well. Uh I never got
really the full round trip. So I really
tried hopefully this slide tells you I
tried five different tool setups trying
to do code design code roundtrip both
directions birectional
lots of lossy issues uh you know
bindings were lost um design change
survived but code didn't
I'm not going to say we're not going to
get there um but even if we do get there
and we're able to do this I wonder if
we'll get fully there And maybe we need
tools like Reweaver. I shouldn't say
maybe, we do need tools like Reweaver to
help us understand the drift.
So that whole experience for me really
highlighted something from my past. Um I
had I had built a lot of software
development tools, designed and built
software development tools and developer
tools in their nature are deterministic.
You write code, you compile it, you get
an SA a it it'll every time you run that
code, you'll get the same result. When
you put AI in the middle of that or in
the front of that or the end of that,
you're not going to necessarily get the
same outcomes. Now, there are tools that
will help you understand, rewaver being
one of them, that there's a mismatch.
There's drift there and we need to be
aware of drift. Drift lurks in the dark.
You need to look at the code. You need
to find the drift. You need to fix the
drift. And you do that with
deterministic guardrails around the AI.
The AI is still there. So I ran another
experiment, 12 iterations on a codebase
with complex enough UI to it. And I did
one where it was just pure AIE, just LLM
all the way. And it degraded a little.
It degraded a little bit, but it started
at 30% quality, 30% fidelity, 30%, you
know, true pixel perfection.
And then I put it on top of
deterministic guardrails where we found
the issues, we fixed the issues. You
can't get to a hundred because that 10%
is human judgment, human
decision-making. So the human is still
there in this equation.
Um,
so what is it today? Uh, today I I would
call it we're locked into AI. And that's
okay. We'll go there. We'll embrace
that. But we're locked into AI for
design to code. We're locked into AI for
code to design, looping, chat bots, what
we call span the chain workflows where
you jumping across tools. And there's
always token costs to be aware of, of
course. So in this world, the agents are
in control and the humans in the loop.
I'd like to propose something else.
Before I do, there are three blind spots
we need to be aware of. One is the model
itself. It's going to you can ask it
questions. It'll give you answers, but
it's nondeterministic. It's
probabilistic.
There will be drift in the moment when
you're writing code. Drift will surface,
but drift over time is the pain that
you'll be experiencing for the next six
months because drift over time is the
new tech debt and it's going to pile
itself
gloriously over your codebase. Um, we
want to do something about it. So here's
where we think it isn't meaning what it
could be what it should be fully
birectional
edit both ways lossless all surfaces
preserved so if you go from code to
design and design to code nothing's
breaking weirdly for you provenence is
carried where did this start from what
line of code wrote this button
I see this button in Figma I want to
change it I need to change that code or
Somebody needs to change that code. We
have to control the drift. It's
deterministic reconciliation at its
core. So with deterministic guardrails,
and I'm happy to talk after if folks are
interested in what I mean by that,
accept or refuse. So if they know
there's a fix, they will fix it. If they
don't know there's a fix, they will tell
you there's an issue, but you need to
fix it.
And with Ruby Weaver, there's zero extra
token costs. So, we're fully local LLM,
but if you want to open up Claude or
whatever and connect to us, you can. But
at its core, and our core principle is
the human is in control always. In
control of cost, in control of code, in
control of design, because that's what
we've been doing for decades.
We've been in control. We don't need to
lose control. And I'm not saying loop
isn't good, but human in control is I
think a little more aspirational
because at the end of the day, what you
need is actually what you get. I call it
winnywig. Can I use that winny wig?
So what are we building at its core?
What we're building are nine dimensions
of deterministic guardrails.
Inside of this is a lot of stuff, but
these are our top level um software
quality, software production readiness
dimensions. Design consistency being
core. Of course, when you have a design
system and the code isn't consistent
with it and vice versa, we need to fix
that. So, there's a lot of design
consistency
um work that's going into the the
foundation. Accessibility is its own
dimension. um maybe selfish of me but I
think it's core
uh AI code generation too or AI code
sorry governance AI code generation
governance is another really critical
piece because the code is just flying
through the system and we need to govern
that code now we're not going to change
the code rewaver actually doesn't write
code you write code reweaver will do
what you want it to do so if you say
apply the fix it'll write the code for
you can see the code being written You
can say never mind undo. You can ignore
it. So at the end of the day, catch what
drifts in a closed loop before anything
merges. That's the goal.
You can try it out with your own code
today. Right now, you can go to reweaver
AIPplayground
and we built kind of a similar harness
to what I built there where you can put
your AI generated code on the left on
the left. You can scan it and get your
results for that code. There's also a
fun little challenge on that page. If
you can get AI to generate code that
gives you a score lower than30
PDR,
which is production drift ratio, will
get you a frontline seat on the beta,
but you'll also get yourself showcased
at the bottom on the crawl. So, give it
a shot. Take a look. Um, meanwhile, I'm
looking for people to join our beta.
We're going to basically blast out mid
July hopefully.
Um so would love for you to join if
you're interested um to make the product
better to sanity check us. Um basically
that's it and you can also reach me
online or outside happy to talk more.
Thank you.
