UP主：AI Engineer
标题：The Spatial Harness: Bringing Agents to the Canvas — Max Drake, tldraw
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWcXwnysmpY

[music]
Thank you for coming here to my talk to
watch me talk about uh agents on the
canvas. Um the first thing I'm going to
do though is uh before I have to record
my screen. Uh the first thing I'm going
to do is I'm going to ask my agent to do
something on the canvas.
And what I'm going to do is say, "Hey,
uh, my colleague Spencer just emailed me
a link to a notion document, uh, for a
really cool demo we could build with the
TL desktop app. Can you like find that
document and then can you build it on
the desktop app?"
Thank you.
Okay, so that's going to build uh, and
then we're going to come back to it
later and hopefully it'll work. Um, hi
everyone, my name is Max Reich. Thanks
so much for coming. Um I work on uh
agents on the canvas at uh TLA. I'm a
product engineer there. Um so first
things first, am I qualified to be
giving this talk? I like to think so.
I've been doing like agents on the
canvas stuff since before chat GBT came
out. Um I think it's really cool. I
think there's like so much UX stuff you
can do with when you get LM, you have
them working in space. Uh and I think
it's really interesting. I've been doing
it for about as long as you can have
been doing it. Um more recently I've
been talking about this a lot. Um,
here's some proof. Um, and yeah, so I
work at this company called Teal Draw.
Um, can I get a quick show of hands? Has
anybody ever heard of or used Teal Draw
before?
>> Yeah. Okay. Um, awesome. So, yeah, the
thing that you've probably used if you
use Teal Draw is, um, this app right
here. So, this is all Teal Draw. Uh,
this is a free uh, infinite canvas
whiteboarding app. Um, you know, we have
selections and arrows and resizing and,
you know, all the things that you need
in a in a whiteboard. Um, Traw is also
the company uh that makes this app. It's
based in London. It's where I work. Um,
but the last thing that TLAR is, which
is, I think, in my opinion, the most
important, is it's the Infinite Canvas
SDKs that that powers this app. Um, and
so what that means is that, you know,
this is kind of the teal draw. The SDK
is the engine that powers a lot of
Infinite canvas experiences. Um because
it turns out it's really hard to get
that kind of stuff right. Um and uh so
if you ever want to build a Muro
competitor or a slide designer or if
you're like Replet um Replet has their
whole new uh agent canvas stuff built on
top of TLR. Um, and so the reason we
built TL Draw in the first place was
that we were running into this issue or
people were running into this issue
where they had this idea for this like
really great killer canvas app. Uh, and
they went to go build it and everybody
would run into the same problem where
they would run into
they would have trouble making the
actual canvas part of of the app and
they would, you know, trying to deal
with resizing and selection and, you
know, all the matrix math. And the issue
is that they wouldn't be able to build
their actual app itself. They would get
stuck on the canvas. And so we built
Teal Draw to kind of be the engine um
that could power that could be the
canvas so that they could focus on the
actual app. Uh when LLM came out, we
like a lot of other people saw that this
is going to be this weird new type of
software. I don't know if anyone, you
know, I'm sure a lot of you were
building in 2022 and it was really
exciting. Um and a lot of people it was
the exact same thing. People had the
idea had an idea for this cool app that
would, you know, involve LM on the
canvas having them manipulating things
in space. but then they would try to
build it and they'd get stuck. Um there
were no best practices. People didn't
really know how to do it. And so at TL
Draw we uh realized that we need to make
it easy for people to build uh with
agents with LLMs on the canvas. Um and
also so Teal Draw the SDK as well as the
app has multiplayer built in with like
live sync. It's really nice. There's
cursors. There's you can see your
collaborators cursors and selections and
viewports. And I think all of the things
that make just the canvas in general a
really great uh place for interacting
with and collaborating with your
colleagues also make it a really great
place for interacting uh and
collaborating with agents. Uh and I hope
I'm going to be able to show you guys
some of that um in the demos that come
up. Um so before we talk about agents on
the canvas, uh really quickly I want to
talk about agents not on the canvas. Um
I'm sure you guys have all used an app
that looks like this, you know, claude
code. And I'm going to really
oversimplify here, but basically, uh,
part of the reason why these apps are so
good and why they work is because
they're, you know, the medium in which
they're working, writing code is
essentially the medium in which they
were trained. You know, it's it's text
in, text out. That's how they were
trained. Um, and when we work with them,
we give them a prompt and they write
code. It's text in, text out. Uh, you
know, again, oversimplifying, but that's
essentially how they work. I don't know
if you guys have ever, you know, tried
to get your agents to do like UI stuff
and try to get them align to align
something. found that they could not do
that whatsoever. Um because it turns out
agents are really really bad at working
in 2D space and understanding 2D space
and actually requires like a lot of
engineering work to get them to uh do
it. And that's kind of the project that
we've been embarking on at Teal Draw
recently. Um and so the first thing we
had to do, this is an older project, but
the first thing we had to do is get them
to teach them teach the agents or at
this point not agents LLM to understand
the canvas and understand kind of what
they're even looking at. Um, so we had
this project called teach um where um we
tal So I'm going to I'm going to prompt
this really quick. I'm going to say,
"Hey, make the mouse blow out the
candle."
Yeah. So that's going to take a second.
This is this is an older uh older
project, but basically what we had to do
is we had to kind of like teach the LMS
how to take the like the screenshot that
we give it and the JSON and all of the
other information about the canvas and
Oh yeah, there we Okay. So yeah, that's
some that's some wind. Uh it's
is it sometimes it gives us smoke as
well. Yeah, and we got a little smoke as
well. So So we basically had to take it
how to like and I want to be very clear
this is not um this is not like a
special mouse shape. These are just like
uh you know the these are just shapes uh
on the canvas. This is um and so the
work behind this it's a singleshot
prompt but we basically we tell the
agent how to interpret uh both via
screenshots and via the data um what is
actually on the canvas like what it's
looking at um which is actually you know
it's not a trivial problem and then also
how to we teach it how to actually act
on the canvas and to understand how the
actions that it produces will affect the
canvas. So, you know, it got it, you
know, it made the it made the smoke, it
made the it made the wind, it got the
positions right, and it understood what
it was doing. Um, so we we got this we
kind of figured out how the um like kind
of we got we taught it what the canvas
is. Uh, but this was like a single shot,
single prompt kind of thing. Um, and so
the next thing we built is the uh teal
draw agent starter kit. Uh, which
basically turns that and wraps in a
harness that lets an agent work
agentically on the canvas. Um, the code
is also MIT licensed. You can find it on
um that you can find on the website. So,
here's a little here's a little cat. I'm
going to make this a little bigger. Um
but what I'm going to say is, "Hey, so
somewhere else on the canvas uh there
are uh some friends for the cat. Can you
please uh bring one of them over to the
cat? Um her favorite color is red."
And so I'm going to zoom out. I'm going
to show you guys what's actually going
on. So you can see the the view of the
agent. There's some there's some
potential friends over here. And um you
know if you read the All right. So and
basically what's going on is that the
agent has kind of like we've given it a
prompt and uh using the information it
has about the canvas. It's uh going to
kind of like make some goals for itself.
You can see there's some to-dos in the
corner here. It's it changed its view in
order to see um what was you know the
other stuff that was on the canvas. same
way that if you ask a coding agent um
you know you ask it you know where where
do we define this thing in the codebase
it can go and it can search it can find
it. So this is kind of like turning that
singleshot uh prompting experience into
this kind of like agentic thing that you
can uh have you know it can autonomously
set goals and and work towards them. The
uh next thing we did um we did this this
uh project called fairies and so we
basically we had this agent experience
but we realized that you know teal draw
and you know the canvas in general is so
collaborative it's so multiplayer and we
wanted to basically we wanted people to
be able to work together with their
agents and we also wanted the agents to
be able to work together
so this is this is a ferry um there's
also you guys want to scan this QR code
you can actually this is multiplayer you
can join if you want you it requires a
Gmail signup But you don't need to pay
for tokens. Um, this is this is what the
link is. So, basically, this is a this
is a fairy. Um, this fair's name is is
Joan. They don't like being they don't
like being grabbed. Um, you can you can
throw them around. You know, we added a
lot of really important stuff. You can
um you can you can change its hat. Um,
you can change the the color and and
this seems silly, but it's actually
really important. uh and I'll talk about
this a little bit more later, but
actually understanding uh when you get a
high level view of when you see your
agents working on the canvas, it's
important to know which one is which.
And so differentiating them is actually
important, which is why, of course, we
added the leg slider. Um
but so, you know, I can say like, you
know, I can I can I can say hey to it.
Um
and I can say, you know, something like
draw a cat. Uh and I can have it work.
But the most important thing here is
that fairies have friends, right? and
they can here we go. Uh
>> and they can fairies can work together.
And so we kind of designed this like
multi- aent collaboration system that
works on the canvas. Um and I'm going to
actually I'm going to go to
I think one of my
Yeah, I think so. My my colleagues
agents are here working uh making this
this really great scene. Um I'm going to
bring mine over um summon
and I'm going to give them a slightly
different prompt. So, I'm gonna select
them all. And now I have a group chat of
of the agents, right? And I'm going to
say, "Hey, I have a board meeting coming
up in like 10 minutes, and I don't have
any of my my figures. Can you draw up
like a little memo for all of my uh
financial data for fiscal year 2025?
Thank you."
Okay. So, what what's going to happen
there basically is this kind of like
creates this uh multi- aent, you know,
coordination thing. We have uh one of
the fairies is writing uh writing out a
plan. You can see it. Um, and again, the
animations are kind of cute and funny,
but it's actually really important. I
don't have to read a chat or go through,
you know, imagine if I have 10 agents
working. I don't have to read a chat in
order to know what's actually going on.
I can look at the state of the agents.
Uh, and I can actually, you know, I can
can see what's happening. So, we we have
a task here that's been defined. Um,
it seems like, you know, the the ferry
is is uh waiting for that to to finish.
Yeah. So, that one's one's board. That
one's waiting. So, this is the
orchestrator ferry. What what it's done
is it's assigned the it's assigned the
task. Uh, and now it's waiting for the
other ones to start and finish it. Um,
and it's going to get notified. It's
going to get prompted in order in order
to review. Um, it seems like forever
reason's not working, but thank Oh,
never mind. So, yeah, we have one we
have this one. So yeah, we have one
fairy who made the made the task, one
fairy who's working on it. And so this
is this kind of um you know, multi- aent
coordination system on the canvas. I
have, you know, you can see my colleague
has his agents over here. Uh they're
they're working as well. Um and so you
can kind of collaborate with people and
with agents in this uh environment. And
I don't know, I think that's really
cool.
the
so the the next thing. So the problem
with fairies is that um they're kind of
trapped in the canvas and all the stuff
you've seen before. This requires if you
want to build something like this, this
requires like the you to like opt in and
have your entire harness be a like
canvas harness. Um and the downside of
that is that it makes it really hard to
have any of this work with stuff like
outside in the real world. The fairies
are the fairies are trapped in the
canvas. Um, and
so I I I built this experiment. We had a
little hackathon uh internally. Um, but
first as a quick motivation for that,
um, at Teal Draw whenever we have an
whenever we're getting closer to a
launch, we like abandon all of our task
tracking software and we make just one
massive dependency graph of how like so
this is what an actual this is a real
thing from when we launched fairies
actually. Um, and so this is what it
looks like when we're like really like
when is hitting the fan at at
tealraw when we're launching something.
Um, and I really like this interface
because it it kind of lets you This is
not like a special app. This is still
just tealraw.com. You can, you know,
move your shapes around and things like
that. Um, but I really like this because
it both it lets you see like what
depends on what. It lets you know what's
coming next. It lets you get a highle
overview. You know, these are all green
because we finished them, but you know,
you can imagine during the project, some
of them are in process. And I really
want I really wanted something like
this. Um, but something that I could
actually that could actually do the work
itself. And so I um prototyped this
thing. It's called the tech tree app.
And basically, it's similar to this.
It's a dependency graph, but each of
these tasks um is a a coding agent that
you can kick off and you can have your
agent kind of like be running and doing
them autonomously. Um the project itself
that's working on it's this little um
this is just kind of like a demo app. Um
but this is Can I
Yeah. So this is this is a little
fun, you know, multimodal input thing. I
haven't written any of the code for
this. This is um this is all written by
agents. But I can manage all of the work
is being done in this desktop app uh or
in this app here. And so I can do
something like I can see this one has
has finished uh building some gesture
controls for the canvas. So I can open
the PR uh and unfortunately sorry
Jeffrey I am just going to merge this.
I'm not going to uh have it be explained
to me. But so this is [snorts]
and so yeah great. Awesome. It looks
good. Um and then you know eventually
this is going to get marked uh as as
complete and this is also multiplayer
which is really cool and you can have
people working together. Yeah. So that's
finished. Um and I you can also prompt
from like inside the the app you can
draw and have a prompt. So I can
basically I can just take all of this uh
and I can draw a little like so this is
my prompt and I can wrap it in a task um
and I can you know call it facial
animation canvas control and then I can
assign that to cloud and I can just hit
run and so now that's working as well
and so this is kind of like you know
this is kind of something similar to
conductor or openai symfony where you're
using a kind of like one abstracted
interface above uh what the actual in
order to like manage your your multi-
aent uh coordination and things like
that And the thing I like about this
also is that because this is
multiplayer, one of my colleagues can
come and join and add tasks and uh edit
things and see the work that's been
going on. So, it's much more
collaborative than um like your own
instance of something. Um here's the
moment of truth. Let's see if that demo
that I had it build in the beginning
worked.
Um
all right, it's it hasn't built the
fluid simulation yet. Uh it's been
working for 13 minutes. Um
that's actually fine. So basically this
is the TL Draw desktop app. Um something
that's really cool here is that we have
uh so this is running locally. It's
working on files. We'll see if it
finishes. We'll we'll let this run. Um
but basically what this does is this uh
this basically exposes the editor
instance of the TLR app that's running
here. And it has a server that lets any
agent uh for example my cloud code uh
write just plain JavaScript against the
against the editor. and and it it
basically it you know it's it's code
mode if you've ever used code mode um
but you can basically turn your teal
desktop app into um a like scripting
environment and the one of my colleagues
actually is u I'm going to this is this
is the kind of off the rails bit of the
canvas here um or of the of the talk. So
here's something my colleague made uh
using the same thing. So this is he has
the teal draw desktop app in the corner
here and he's using it as his uh window
manager. Um and what he did the way he
did this was he just told claude code to
because cloud code has access to your
actual computer. It's not locked into
the canvas. Uh it basically you know it
it made some rectangles and it uh
probably wrote some Apple script or
something to actually re uh you know
move the things around. And so you can
kind of make all of these uh like
ephemeral UIs and have them actually be
doing things in the real world. Um,
another really cool one that he did was,
um, if this loads, it's Pong on the
desktop. Uh,
let's hit it with a little refresh there
and see if it works. Yeah. So, this is
he's got in the corner here, you know,
you you have uh you have TLR running.
This is the desktop app and it's using
the Windows in order to uh play Pong.
And so again, like kind of crazy, but
there's uh you know, maybe it seems a
little silly, but
let's see if this this worked. Oh, it's
still working. Man, it was usually much
faster. Um, but I I think this stuff is
so cool because this lets you kind of,
you know, do all of the weird kind of
like spatial interfaces that you can do
uh on the canvas. You get all of like
the primitives of the canvas. Um, but
you can like you can have your agents
working kind of like in the real world.
uh it has access to real data. If I
scroll up, I'll show that um
if uh you know this is my cloud code and
it found it it got the Gmail, it got the
notion doc, it found the spec and it's
going to to implement it. Um
but yeah, so to sum up, I think that
agents working on the canvas is so cool
and I think that there's like so much we
can do if we use like the agent the
canvas as a a place to work with agents.
And I think the place part of it is
really important because you know when
we do you know with remote work
collaboration we do a lot of stuff
online with each other and we
collaborate with people on the canvas
and I think that the yeah the canvas can
be a place where we uh collaborate with
agents and I'm I'm I'm I'm vamping
because I'm trying to see if this is
finished but I don't think it's going to
finish. Um, but thank you so much
>> [music]
