UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Training Taste — Thais Castello Branco, Taste Labs
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDMGWK4wZ_w

[music]
>> Test.
Okay, amazing.
It's great to meet everyone. I'm Taís.
I'm the founder of Taste Labs. Uh for
those of you who don't know us, we came
out of stealth a few weeks ago and our
whole mission is basically how do we end
AI slop? I that's my personal enemy. Um
and so we really believe that to solve
this problem of slop, we have to like
decode subjective domains. Uh there's
been so much effort being put into
getting models and agents amazing at
things like coding and math. Uh and it's
time that we put all that same effort
into making them great at things like
design uh and writing. And so design is
this first pillar that we're starting
with and it's been it's been incredibly
exciting. Um
We work primarily in two ways. So we
work a lot with the frontier labs on how
do we evaluate their models, understand
where they're breaking, understand what
could be better about them, and then
construct the right either post-training
data or RL environments to basically fix
that problem. And part of this is like
how do you take something as fuzzy and
large as design and break it down to a
level that you can identify what is best
solved through each method. What are
elements of design that are almost like
once you kind of boil down the problem
becomes so specific that they almost
become deterministic. So for example, uh
if you're trying to train a model to be
good at selecting color palettes or have
contrast or alignment, those are things
that if you define the problem and the
context in a specific enough way, uh you
you can get to an answer that's like
pretty objective or that at least most
experts would agree to. But maybe other
things like uh aesthetics, you naturally
will see this expert disagreement. And
so then you want to lean on to things
that are closer to to data. So anyway,
we spend a lot of time thinking about
all those problems. Uh but on the other
side is also
without even touching the model layer,
right? How do we actually help agents
and app layer companies produce better
things? And there's a lot that goes into
that, right? You have these different
sets of problems at the application
layer because you're using an
off-the-shelf model that tends to
collapse in terms uh uh of style tends
to collapse to the mean. So, how do we
force that creativity back to the
system? How do we avoid these patterns
of slop, which we'll talk about a lot
today? Uh how do you understand like
user preferences or brand preferences
preference so that you can uh maintain
endurance to that style? Uh so, there's
lots of things that are actually need to
be solved as context or judgment or
verification at the app layer, which is
why we kind of work across both.
Maybe I'll start with more of a a
philosophical question of like how how
do you define something that is great?
Like how do you define greatness? And
for something like math, it's easier,
right? Because there's kind of one
objective answer, and uh great is the
same as correct. But then for something
like writing or design,
it's much harder, right? Like how do you
define what's like a great tweet or
what's a great art piece or what's a
great website? Um I don't know what's
the last time that you interacted with a
poem or walked into a coffee shop and
for some reason it kind of like hit
different and it felt
very special. Uh but probably it's a
combination of things that it it felt
very unique. It felt almost a little
different. It kind of called your
attention. Uh it felt like there it was
made with a lot of care and attention to
to detail and craft, and it almost had
the sense of of like authenticity. Um
and I think that's a lot of what AI is
missing today. It's like how do we take
uh things that are not necessarily
average, right? How do we produce things
that are purposely like out of
distribution? Um and slop is kind of the
opposite of that, right? I think it is
hard to define what is great sometimes,
but I think it's pretty pretty easy to
define what is slop in the sense that
most people would agree. I think the
sense of like repetition of kind of
soullessness is something that all of us
feel right now when using AI, and I
think it's quite magical, by the way,
that AI has gotten to a point that any
human on the planet that is not even a
designer, that is not an engineer, can
click a button and suddenly make an
entire PowerPoint or make a website or
make a web app. That's pretty cool. But
it comes with consequences, right? Uh it
comes with consequences of suddenly now
the cost of generation is basically
going to zero. Uh and But the average
person hasn't necessarily honed their
taste. Like I does think about the
amount of effort and work that a
designer puts in throughout their life
to like build up their taste, right?
Like there's all this process of like
getting exposed to many things and
learning to like spot patterns and
learning to develop a point of view and
like kind of do things in a in a
courageous way that maybe are a little
bit against the norm. Learning what not
to do and how to like have restraint and
that's very hard. Like the average
person doesn't necessarily have the the
time nor the skills to go and develop
taste in everything, let's say in
design. And so
um
I think it would be a bad case scenario
for us to just like be like, "Okay, the
way to fix slop is for everyone to have
taste." cuz I don't think that's
necessarily realistic. Um I think how do
we how can we understand this better so
that we can make even for the average
person the ability to create something
great and to understand maybe their own
taste um
easy more more more easy. So that's
that's a lot of what we're we're
focusing on. Um
So yeah, I mean this phenomenon of slop,
by the way, is not new. Uh if you were
in the internet uh as social media
emerged, you probably saw a lot of slop
before that. But I do think that AI has
been this kind of like accelerating
force, right? Of like being able to
create things very easily uh with a
click of a button and that like
thoughtlessness around it. And there's
kind of these three characteristics that
I I would say repeat in slop. Uh so A,
repetition. So you start seeing the same
thing many many many times. Um the
second is lack of fit, which I actually
think is is very related. So
fit is kind of this ability for
something to feel correct for a specific
context, right? For a specific moment in
time, for a specific person. Uh but
suddenly if you have repetition and
let's say one person asks for a website
for their pet shop and the other one
asks for a website for their finance
firm and somehow those designs converge
and look the same.
That's quite odd, right? Like if that
was in if you were actually crafting
that with care, that wouldn't you
wouldn't converge necessarily on those
things. And so this lack of fit and lack
of understanding of context is actually
huge problem that like leads to slop. Um
and the third is maybe low intent, which
is probably a mix of Yeah, you're going
to have a bunch of people prompting
really quickly and maybe just wanting to
one shot something. But I think there's
actually this like intent interpretation
piece that's missing in the systems that
we're building. Like how can you help
your user, right? Like how can you help
them better understand the intent that
they have um so that you can add more
color and add more context on onto what
you're trying to create.
Okay. And I I'm a big believer by the
way that you in order to fix something
first have to measure it and you first
have to understand it. I think that's
exactly why we're so focused on like how
do we
uh
turn these domains into something a bit
more verifiable so that we can attach a
measure to it. So uh
you'll you'll go on a little bit of a
research journey with me here now, but
we basically wanted to figure out can we
measure slop? Like can we actually
measure this quantitatively and spot
this and what does that like look like?
So we analyzed over 2 million websites
from the past like 10 years kind of like
way back machine style to try to
understand all the trends across like
design, how is the internet changing, uh
how are
how is like design changing over time?
And two things were interesting. And we
also met by the way then kind of
synthetically generated a set of uh
design websites so we could kind of like
compare like how does human-made sites
compare to AI-generated ones? And there
were a few things that were interesting.
So one was that you already kind of saw
a a bit of like a collapse
uh on the internet before even AI. So
you saw kind of the internet becoming
more homogeneous, using more similar
color palettes, using more similar
layouts, uh which is probably a function
of more uh
I would say this like kind of trends
spreading more and more and more
quickly, let's say. Uh but with AI I
think you saw this repetition happening
a lot more and being almost more like um
identified kind of regardless of
context. So even in completely different
buckets you saw patterns that were very
similar.
So we we built this I I call this
probes, but basically we uh we did two
things. So we did this like pattern
mining on all this data to understand
like what are features that we can
extract from all these sites. What are
all these characteristics that we can
make more objective, right? Colors,
typography, layout, audience. Like, how
can we like distill this down into
things that become almost like uh
structured? And then how do we uh train
up these like probes? So, think of these
as like baby classifiers. Like, how do
we uh train the ability to spot this one
characteristic?
And for all these slop sites, we
identify we started identifying like
what are the probes that basically mean
the site is very likely to be AI slop.
Um and especially when you start
combining them use and you see the
frequency of multiple of these happening
at once, it became very likely that you
could actually like measure
uh and predict slop. And we saw a a
super high basically ability to do that
prediction, which was really cool to
see. This performed better, by the way,
than like most LLM as a judge methods of
like asking an LLM to like judge if that
uh is like great human quality versus
like AI-generated slop. Uh so, that was
pretty cool to see. And I think kind of
shows this pattern that we see in AI
really being uh an actually quantitative
thing that we can see in slop, uh which
I find really cool. But, obviously, we
don't want to stop there, right? We
don't want to just measure slop. We want
to also solve it. And so,
um there's a few I I think I mentioned
this before, but like the as the cost of
production basically goes to zero, I
think the thing that becomes
expensive and matters more than ever is
judgment. Um I don't even want to use
the word taste here.
Is judgment. I think it's this ability
to discern what's right. It's this
ability to break down a problem so that
you can actually understand it and
create solutions for it. And so, yes,
there's the side of judgment that is
human judgment that I actually think is
more valuable than ever. But, there's
also the side of like how do we build
the right tools and systems to like fix
pieces of this problem, right?
So, yeah, how do we how do we fight
slop, my my enemy?
Um
And, by the way, I think there's there's
a lot of conversation going around how
do you fight slop at the model layer?
Like, how do we make models better? How
do we make models have a higher bar?
Which don't get me wrong, it has to be
solved and we're working very hard to
solve that, too. But I actually think
this problem of inference time is
equally, if not even more important.
Because that's actually when you
interact with the end user. And this
kind of back and forth of how do you
understand this context and intent
happens at the moment of inference time.
So, I don't think that we can ignore and
just make models better and not solve
this, otherwise slop will keep existing.
Um so, maybe breaking down a few of
those pieces and kind of
um
a few of the ways that we've thought
about solving this or a few solutions
that we built to solve this. But I
think, for example, for something like
repetition, one of the things that we're
working on is I I've nicknamed it, I
don't know if that's going to be the
official name, but like the creativity
API. How can we create a system that
almost becomes an inspiration machine
for your agent? So that it can produce
something that's actually out of
distribution instead of something that
is
in that same average and kind of mean
that we're seeing happen with like the
slop sites. Um so, this is one of the
ways that practically, if we can
intentionally produce something that's
out of distribution, you can improve
this like overall uh quality. And
by the way, I I don't think that this
can be something just like randomness.
So, it's not just about like turning up
the temperature of the model and and
kind of
fingers crossed hoping for the best. I
think it's much more like how do we
understand um even like what are rules
or expectations in specific domains?
Like let's say that you asked for a
slide deck for for the pitch of your
startup. Like
what is a what does a good pitch deck
look like? And then how do you almost
like intentionally break rules uh to
create things that are more creative,
right? Because usually creativity isn't
like randomness, isn't doing something
that completely feels off for that
situation. It's like you intentionally
maybe diverge on a couple of things
while maintaining kind of
um
adherence to to expectations of that
category, let's say for for others. So,
that's one of the things we're working
on. The second one of this problem of
fit, I think um it's interesting, but
brands, as probably a lot of you who are
designers know, takes so much effort to
create great brands. Like great brands
are the work of
dozens of designers putting in a lot of
like craft and thought and care.
And so we've almost like already
pre-done the work of defining what is
great for that specific company and then
we're not using it well. So this like
brand endurance actually think is a huge
problem and one of the things that can
very
more easily let's say like raise that
bar of quality. So I'll I'll touch on an
example on this one specifically. And
then same with like intent and judgment
I think the baby classifiers was a good
example. Um
like how it how we can actually like use
this to be even become a gate for slop
and and not let your agent ship slop.
But so the brand API is the first
product that we're releasing to to the
public. This is already in in beta
testing with a bunch of our design
partners. And essentially what it does
is it can take let's say a brand URL and
extract this into like very specific
components that are good for an agent to
follow. So basically how do we turn
something as fuzzy as a brand into
something so structured that it becomes
easy to
for your agent to follow that but also
for you to judge against it, right?
Because I think the piece that we can't
forget here is this judgment and
verification. So yes, this goes and
helps your agent to produce something
better.
But how can we also add a way for you to
judge okay, is the agent actually
staying on track? Is it actually
performing well to adhere to this brand
or how is it failing or where is it
failing? So this is the first flow I
would say that we we're seeing that is
really helping to improve quality.
And what's cool is of course we're
talking here about an example of a brand
that already exists. But let's say you
have an agent or you have an app and the
person that is using your app actually
doesn't have a brand. Let's say they're
an average consumer. Can we actually One
of the things that we're creating is
basically like a repository, like an
index of brands
of pre almost like pre-created brand
system so that if they want something
that feels dreamy, why not retrieve a
dreamy brand system that already has
been thought out to be cohesive instead
of doing like a generative approach the
moment of that might end up not so great
or might end up again in those pillars
of slop.
And I want to show you a real example of
this in action. So, um
there's this company that I think is
awesome called the General Intelligence
Company of New York. They have a sick
website, you guys should check it out.
Um but basically, if you ask Cloud
Design to create a slide deck uh in
their branding,
the the middle one is basically what it
comes up with. So, the one on the left
is is the original brand. Uh this is the
kind of the the default. And if you kind
of use this extraction actually in the
process, it creates something that's way
more high fidelity with the original. Um
and that even like in the details, I
would say like feels right. So, this is
just to show an example of it in in
action. Um
but yeah, I think we
I think all of us would agree that like
human human taste and kind of the peak
of human craft is always going to be
like deeply valuable. And that right
now, I think the challenge is we are
almost even not earning the right to
debate this like how can we have
uh models like reach this like pinnacle
of taste. I don't think it's about that
at all. It's like how do we first just
like
raise the bar. Like the bar is
currently, I would say, on the ground.
And so, I think all of this work that
we're putting into like how do we
decompose a problem and how do we
measure it is exactly so that we can at
least like improve this bar um of
quality. And I think we have to start
with that.
That's it. Uh thank you very much for
for the time. Uh this is this is
awesome.
>> [applause]
[music]
