UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Your agents lack context: Here's how to fix "You're absolutely right!" — Brandon Waselnuk, Unblocked
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcVkq5L-0f0

[music]
>> Good afternoon.
I hope you're all having a lovely day
here at AIE.
We've had great weather, though the UV
has been like nine. So, hopefully you
put your sunscreen on your being
appropriate adults.
I'm here to talk to you about context
engineering, and I have the good fortune
of following AJ from LinkedIn because he
talked a lot about the system that we
actually design and sell to other
solutions. And I'm going to give you a
bunch of open source tools. So, if you
watch that last talk just before me,
you're going to get a bunch of tool
chance you can go mess around yourself,
and I'll teach you a bunch of techniques
today. The goal, of course, is to fix
your absolutely right.
I think they've taken that out of the
prompts now, so it just says you're
right or other things, but I'm sure
you've all been there.
So, I'm Brandon.
I work at Unblocked. Uh yes, I have a
coconut. We've been giving these away
for fresh context, fresh fresh coconuts.
But, the thing that I want to talk to
you about is with these models,
especially with Meth O'Clock models, I
think Fable 5's coming back today, so
they say.
You can watch my Grain Call recording
try to book this.
We'll ignore it.
But, what I want you to do is to think
about the fact that with these tools,
AI-generated code should feel like it
was written by someone who's been on
your team for years.
So, to get in the right headspace, for
years you have to consider that you have
been the context engine.
How did you do that?
You built context by going to work
and asking questions,
shipping PRs and getting them rejected,
going to meetings, and all this slowly
over time built up the engine that is
your brain.
You understand how it works here. You
know how stuff gets shipped. You were on
call that night when you took prod down
and why that happened.
The problem is
that these agents have this exact same
problem. Every time you create a new
terminal session with an agent in it,
it's very intelligent, but it doesn't
have any context on how your company
operates. So, it needs to get that
somehow.
The problem is as you move these agents
up in scale,
that cost compounds if you get it
incorrect at the beginning. The leverage
of context and content
We're just going to fix this cuz I think
people want to take some photos.
Perfect.
That context issue will compound. So, at
the far left, we all remember the
age-old time of 2 years ago where we had
tab complete models that were pretty
cool. What happened is it popped up and
said, "Hey, do you want to tab this?"
And quickly in your head with your
context engine, you go, "No, that's
bad." Or you went, "Oh, sweet." You hit
tab. Nice.
As we move along the agentic kind of
adoption curve, what happens is you are
moving into more situations in which you
have agents running without a human in
the loop, or at least you wish you
didn't have to be in the loop.
What they need is some way to be able to
ask the questions they need when they
hit walls in order to write code or
solve or basically fix the issue and
ultimately output code that's mergeable
into your code base, especially with
many people here who actually work in
brownfield code bases that have been
around for a long time that run real
revenue across them, not just greenfield
fun projects.
So, that cost of bad context compounding
at the beginning is cheap. If you think
like shift left, finding a defect or a
bug, you want to find it as early as
possible. It's the same with context.
Cuz as you move across, you get into
doom loops. You usually ask your to do
something. It's like, "Hey, I did it."
And you're like, "No, man." And then you
correct and correct and correct. That's
wasted search tokens. It's also wasted
rework time.
And that is not acceptable with the
tokenomics we have coming.
And then as you move into parallel
agents, etc., you start hitting a review
tax. So, these AI code reviewers we're
trying to use, but again, key context is
important there so that those code
reviews are able to basically
understand how the operations of the
business are so it knows the business
logic and more.
And then finally, if your hope is to
move all the way out of the loop, you're
like background agents, get it done,
make no mistakes, you really need to
make sure that you have a context engine
so those agents can query it and get all
the answers they need so they can keep
operating in an effective way.
There are some common approaches that
don't work. They're basically like a
local maxima.
Two of the ones we see the most with our
hundreds of enterprise clients and
mid-market size businesses
is the curated context trap. If you've
ever sat down and taken a virtual file
system or maybe a local file system, you
put some markdown files in it and you're
like, here's all the context of this
project, it's how it works. You then
allow your agent to grep over that and
it gets a bunch of good data and then it
will perform better.
The issue is first, now you have to
distribute that so maybe you throw it up
in a GitHub and your team can grab it.
But then the next is that repo is going
to rot just like all the other docs you
wrote down and then who at your org is
the omnipotent one who has the taste to
curate this file or repo for literally
everyone in the org. So you start to hit
these issues.
The next is the MCP plateau.
This one is pretty clear. We have MCPs,
they're great. You can give it to your
agent and now it can basically get
information from another source system.
The problem is, of course, based on how
you write the server description, the
tool descriptions, your agent may never
call it even though it should have. Or
if it does, there's a known bias called
the satisfaction of search bias. What
that means is the agent, when it finds
the first piece of information that it
thinks is correct, it goes, "Oh, I have
what I need." and it proceeds.
In most organizations, there's a Slack
conversation from last night that says
you should be doing A instead of doing B
and the agent will never find it if it
found some architecture record first.
So it doesn't actually consider all of
the context.
The problem here is access to
information is not understanding.
So to deliver understanding to a model,
you have to do other techniques.
What I'm basically trying to say is
what your agent can't see is everything
below the waterline. It can 100% get
code that compiles, but that code that
compiles is taking down prod and you
have a P0 at 1:00 in the morning.
Because it missed the fact that you have
a certain rollout procedure, you're
supposed to turn off a feature flag,
whatever it might be.
So, your team needs a context engine
because what it should do is understand
who you are and where you work in an
organization. So, if I say to you, I
want to get off stood up, it knows where
I work, it knows where my get commits
are, it knows who reviews those commits,
and it understands that my context, it
can focus me, and then use that as a
trigger point to find the rest of the
information.
It resolves conflicts, as mentioned, an
old architecture diagram and last
night's Slack convo with the CTO,
which one is right? You need to use a
bunch of techniques to discern determine
that.
Respects permissions and governance, of
course. MCP allows us to use OAuth and
other scopes and SSO, but if someone
asks a question over here who's not
supposed to know about secret project A,
you need to make sure that doesn't leak
into the response.
And then finally, deliver the right
context at the right time to the model
in a token optimized way.
We have multiple surface areas because
human engineers still talk to Unblocked
all the time to get information they
need in Slack or otherwise, but then you
want token optimized responses if you're
just speaking machine to machine in
order to not waste a bunch of bold
classes on your token spend.
This is how an engine works. I'm going
to be brief on this, but basically on
the left-hand side,
you see all the data sources that are
coming in.
For us, we focus on engineering teams
and that's who uses us, as well as the
technically light teams around it, like
support, sales, and otherwise.
You ingest all that data, you get
real-time data from tools like your
instant management tool chain.
It comes into the engine, where that
engine is, it thinks at the bottom. I'll
expand on that slide in a moment. But
basically it uses these six key
characteristics. And then on the right,
you output the context to the exact
workflow in the manner that it is
needed.
Those six key points, as mentioned,
unified system context, you have to go
across the whole thing. At large orgs,
companies like LinkedIn scale, Workday,
General Motors, whatever, they need this
type of data. They need to understand
everything that's happening. And Threek
this morning actually talking about
Fable coming out potentially later
today,
he mentioned that you need to actually
provide a map and then let Fable
discover the territory. The way to help
confine that is making sure that these
models have access to all of the
context, because they will find your
unknown unknowns.
There are definitely things going on in
your company that you're just unaware
of, but would be really helpful for the
task you're trying to do.
That will move faster, but the targeted
retrieval, you should be able to if you
provide a link quickly, unfurl it, get
that document back and move along. So,
two tasks, deep research, go long,
that's fine, but you also need speed
when speed is required. Conflict
resolution, we already talked about
that, but one thing says do A, one thing
says do B, who is right?
Personalized relevance, who am I, where
do I work, what am I working on?
That token optimization, making sure the
response is good and effective and
doesn't bloat the window.
And then permission enforcement, of
course, OAuth, you shouldn't see it, you
shouldn't see it.
What we did with some tests is we
actually ran the exact same prompt to
the same model and one with context and
one without. This is the wall clock time
savings.
And then 2 hours, which is great. And
then the tokens savings. So, it was a
sizable task, it took about 21 million
tokens without and then 18, or sorry,
10.8 million tokens with it.
This is the type of experience that you
typically see when you're using a
context engine, cuz the majority of
those wasted search tokens where it has
to grab at the beginning of every
session to understand and discover
things are no longer there when it's
hydrated with context. Hydrated.
And then, as you move forward, you get
these types of outcomes.
50% fewer tokens, faster triage, and the
answer quality is actually better
because it knew what was going on inside
of the business.
Now, this next part,
you'll probably want to photo. If you
don't know, you can actually take a
picture of a QR code and then later in
photos tap on it and then load the link
so you don't need to float here cuz I'm
going to give you three QR codes.
This first one is for the social comment
network. I'll pop that up so you can
take a photo.
But, this is an open source tool that
we've got that actually, using all
deterministic programming, goes over
your GitHub and understands who works on
your team. This is my real team. We
called Rasheem the machine cuz he ships
like crazy. But, on the right, you can
see who he commits, where he commits,
who's reviewing his work. And then in
those tabs, you can find a distilled
experts graph. You get full coverage of
what's going on in your business. And if
you optionally add one of the API keys
for either OpenAI or um Anthropic, it'll
um determine what your teams are by
doing some labeling for you.
It's a really cool tool to understand
where your team works and get that
social network in there in order to
focus the context engine if you're going
to be building these tools yourself.
The next is called the repo rules agent.
This is a sample from our real code
base. I'm going to pop that up anyway so
you don't need to talk to the thing, but
in short, what it does is discover all
the places your team has written rules
files, checks them all, and then tells
you what severities you've given,
what other things you've given. Should I
just switch to this?
It tells you what it Whoa, hey.
It's good to meet you all.
Basically, it will find all the rules
that are inside of your repo and then
tell you if you have duplicate issues or
others problems and then you can grab
over it as an index. So, that index can
be called and you can dedupe and it'll
help improve um your retrieval of
context.
And then finally, on Monday we delivered
this workshop, which was going beyond
rag and taught how to build a relational
context engine from scratch.
So, if you scan that, you'll get the
full workbook. It has six PRs stacked
that teach you how to walk through doing
this. But in short, rag is an incredible
technique and you want that. But the
other half of the problem is what people
actually ask is, "What are the open PRs
that I worked on in the last week with
authentication?"
Rag cannot answer that question alone.
You need queries. So, this shows you how
to do a
schema-less basically look up that
allows the agent to discover a schema
and then write queries against it
deterministically in order to get that
type of relational data out.
Very useful technique.
Use cases of a context engine, of
course, do go beyond code generation.
This is, you know, where we live a lot,
a lot of our customers spend their time.
But it's amazing to see what happens
when a bunch of other people around the
business start picking up these tools,
customer success people solving tickets
right at the time that it comes in from
a customer.
We've got sales people closing deals
earlier in their quarter because they're
able to just query the Unblocked context
engine on the fly while in the field.
And so many more.
What you can also do is if you saw that
curve chart earlier where I talked about
the levels, we've built a fun little
tool where basically an LLM will quiz
you and ask you about what's going on
and then it will map you to exactly
where you are and then tell you some
techniques about how to level up through
that if you are looking to basically
compound your capabilities and ship with
AI tools at scale. It's
readiness.unblocked.com.
The gap is not intelligence any longer.
It's context. We will continue to get
incredible models like Mythos as it's
been grown by Anthropic and I'm sure
Soul once I'm allowed to see it. I will
get it. Happy Canada Day, by the way.
But what's happening is it's about the
context you surround these models with
in order for them to be effective and
token efficient inside of your
organization.
So, I have a question slide, but I'm not
sure I'm allowed.
Nope. So, what you'll do is come meet me
at booth P16. You can look for the
coconut.
It'll be great to hang out with all of
you and get into details here if you
need it. Thank you for your time.
>> [applause]
[music]
