UP主：The AI Advantage
标题：Astra vs Fable 5.1: Which AI Builds Better Websites?
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twFYccH1A_A

AI is really, really good at building
websites. Whether it's tools for
yourself or others, learning
experiences, something that you're using
instead of a PowerPoint presentation, or
just a prettier way to look at AI
output. Websites are one of the big
capabilities, and I think you already
know that. And if you don't, by the end
of this video, you surely know this. But
with all these new AI models coming out,
which one builds the best websites? Is
it Claude's Fable 5.1? Is it the new
GPT6 Astra? We by now know that Astra
can do some crazy stuff and I covered
that on this channel. But concretely, I
just wanted to know when it comes to
creating sites, which is the best one.
So, I created my own benchmark where I
created 50 sites from different
categories and I generated them with
these different models and then I
blindly rated them myself. It took some
time. It cost quite a bit of money. And
in this video, I'll present to you the
result of all of this AI website front
end building, whatever you want to call
it, to ultimately answer the question of
which AI should you be using to build
your websites and which model is good at
what. In the end, we'll have a winner.
But let me tell you that the nuances
matter cuz in some categories, the one
is better, in the other categories, the
other. So, let's break it down. So, my
curiosity started with asking, okay,
with these new Enthropic models, which
one is best? Historically, Enthropic
used to be the front end building king.
Everybody agreed that the websites from
Claude were just the prettiest and the
best, especially when you oneshotted
them. And that's what all of this is, by
the way. So, let's talk about the
methodology here briefly, because all of
these are oneshot prompts, meaning
prompts for various websites that you
just put in and we rate the first
output. We don't go in and refine and
make things better. It's just what you
get once you request something. And I
started out with a test set of 50 sites
that I created in Fable 5 and 5.1, but
then I quickly realized there's not
enough variety amongst them. Yes, they
were different websites, but a lot of
them were like personal websites or
e-commerce storefronts. And I wanted
some of the funkier stuff in there, too,
like this murmmoration field lab where
it animates bird flock movements or this
ink current studio where we can paint
and it makes these visuals. creative web
stores like this coffee configurator and
in the game lab launch sites. There's a
lot of variety in this second test set
here and that's what we'll be focusing
on in that second test set. These 50
sites, 50 different prompts that I gave
to the model straight to the API. No
other context involved. Well, they exist
across 10 categories and each one will
be rated for free values. First and most
importantly, my own blind judgment. Just
how much do I like it visually,
functionally? What is my preference
between the two sites? I really took my
time in rating these and I did that
blindly for all of these in different
matchup combinations like Fable 5.1
versus Astra etc. Secondly, what does
the AI think of the visuals? AI blinds
judge looking at the visual quality of
these sites. And thirdly, AI blinds
judge on the functionality. In other
words, AI looked at, hey, everything
that we prompted for, is it present in
the result and is it all fully
functional? Across these three rubrics,
we'll be making a judgment on what is
the best website generator from all
these models. And hey, if you're out
there ready to type your comment,
>> Eager, this is not a scientifically
valid experiment. Your qualitative
judgment is not rooted in the scientific
methodology.
>> Yes, you're right. I was just curious
which one I want to use for websites
moving forward. And I created a
benchmark that satisfies my
requirements. Hey, if that's not good
enough for you, feel free to come up
with your own and share it with me. I
just want to know what fits my taste and
if it's functional and I figured that'd
be useful to you, too. So, let's begin.
Starting with Fable 5 versus 5.1. And
I'll keep this segment brief because I
think a lot of people really want to
hear the Astra stuff. But last week, as
you might know, Anthropic released Fable
5.1 to get ahead of the GP6 Astra
launch, and it's an amazing model. The
benchmarks were really good, and the
sites that it creates are different from
Fable 5. Let me just tell you the result
of this. Fable 5.1 across the board was
just better at these websites. Now, let
me tell you some nuances of this, but I
think the biggest one is the spacing on
these sites is just better. I'm not
going to show you all 50. I will share
this link with you if you want. You can
go in. All these 50 sites are posted on
the web. You could click around, try
things yourself. If anything catches
your eye or, you know, feel free to use
them for inspiration. But this is the
first thing that I noticed. Look, the
way things are spaced out with Fable 5.1
here on the right is just better. It has
a bit more breathing space. it makes
more sense and there's like a visual
hierarchy present in the site whereas
here I don't know this text is the same
size as this as the color pickers as are
the buttons whereas here this headline
dominates this is cut off at a
reasonable point at the bottom it just
makes more sense design-wise and I found
this to be true across the board
additionally I found that the SVGs were
way higher quality with Fable 5.1 and it
just expressed a bit more creative taste
I felt like I mean look at this line.
These are the same prompts all across
the board, right? And again, here the
spacing, look, it's not overwhelming
this interface, where this one on the
left is like too much. So, let's get to
our free rubrics and then move on to
Astra. But basically, Fable 5 versus 5.1
on my human preference blind test. Fable
5.1 won 30 out of 50 blind tests, and 17
of those actually went to Fable 5, you
know, so it's better, but it's not like
every time I would prefer Fable 5.1. And
there were free ties if you're wondering
what happened to the last three. Okay,
so I clearly have a preference for Fable
5.1. I gave you some of the reasoning.
What did the AI think of the visuals?
Well, it said that Fable 5.1 won 40 out
of 50 times. Fable 5 only won seven
times and it gave it free ties. So, it
also agrees that Fable 5.1 is better,
but it was even more extreme in its
opinion. And when it comes to
functionality, they were actually dead
even. Everything functioned exactly as
expected. So, in terms of functionality,
it didn't really make a difference. So
clearly if I have a choice between these
two, I'd be choosing Fable 5.1. All
right, so that makes that the winner.
And now let's look at what many people
have been waiting for, like Fable 5.1
versus GPT6 Astra. Which one of these is
better at making sites? And here we'll
go into more detail because the nuances
matter here. So first, some of my
unstructured thoughts for you. So
clearly the SVGs, the visuals that this
generated with geometry were always
superior with Astra as you can see on
this example or you can really see it if
it tried to recreate the world map with
vectors here. Clearly Astra is just
better at drawing. A second big theme
that I noticed is that Astra is just
more professional and Fable 5.1 is more
h cute for the lack of a better word. I
mean it really is. Look at some of these
examples. Every Astra generation looks a
bit like a SAS. I mean, look at this
trip packing planner. This looks like a
SAS product with the header, the
navigation at the top almost every
single time. And then the trip packing
planner. Well, it looks like something a
teenager made, which, you know, is not
bad. It's a bit more casual. I kind of
like it. It's a trip packing planner. Or
about the site that promotes a sketching
cities course. Well, here's the Astro
Generation. There's some funkiness here
with the window. That's undeniable. But
again, you have this professional site.
You have this highlighter that has been
used well. Everything is spaced really
well. And this one that was made by
Fable. It's just a bit more cute. Or
maybe you could say that it has more
personality. I don't know. But it's
definitely different out of the box.
Now, sure, you could steer all of this
with your specific styles and guidelines
or examples that you give it. But hey,
this is the default behavior of the
models. And often times, you just make a
site for a single purpose, and this is
what you'll be getting. Another thing
that I noticed is that every game that I
created from my oneshot prompt was not
even close. Astra crushes games pretty
much every single time. We'll review the
detailed stats here in a second, but
man, look at this depth crawler made by
Fable, which you know, it's an icon and
you somehow have this map and you move
around and fair enough. This has always
been kind of one of those classic games
that you make with AI. Look, I think
that's a coin. This is an enemy. That be
all right. Now look at what Astra made.
Same prompt, by the way. The enemies
look like actual creatures. It's chasing
me. I got it. I look like an actual
character. It's a whole thing. Visually,
it's not even close. This goes for all
the games. And I'm brushing over some of
these because, hey, if you're curious,
you can just try these yourself. The
link to this site with all the sides
will be below. No strings attached. If
you're enjoying hands-on tests and real
examples like this video has, well,
that's what I do on this channel. Every
week I upload new videos, so subscribe
to get those. And now let's have a look
at what we have here next. So those are
some first thoughts. So what did the
final rating look like between Fable and
Astra? Well, when it comes to my
personal rating, the human preference
blind choice where I opened every site
and I looked at the different views,
mobile, web, I tried the application.
Well, GBD6 Astra won 35 times out of 50
and Fable 5.1 took it 15 times. So a
strong preference. 70% of the choices
went to Astra if you ask me. Now, here's
an interesting thing. If you ask AI, it
was so opinionated on this. 47 out of 50
went to Astra when you ask AI and three
of them were ties. Not a single time did
it say that Fable did a better job when
it comes to the visuals and the look and
feel of the whole thing. And I was
really surprised by this. I was like,
"Wow." Not not a single time. Like
really? I had 15 cases where I preferred
Astra. You had zero AI. So I'm like, hm,
this must be because with my agent, I'm
using GPT O and I'm using the OpenAI
models to rate this. So like, ah, okay,
it really likes its own style. That
makes sense. So I reran the whole test
here, and let me tell you, I'm just
reading off these examples here, but
when I used Fable 5.1 as the blind judge
on these, 48 out of 50 went to Astra.
And Fable 5.1 won two of these. And then
there was zero ties. So it had the same
results. But yeah, AI really really
prefers the Astra generations in terms
of visual appeal to human beings for
whatever that's worth. And then finally,
the functionality cuz this matters if
one of them works better than the other.
And there's certain buttons or
functionalities within the sites. Like
there's a lot of interactive apps here
like music synthesizers and situation
and physics simulators, educational
apps. In terms of functionality, GPT
Astra passed 48 out of 50 tests and
Fable 5.1 47 out of 50. So, pretty much
the same, which as a reminder, Fable 5
also got 47. Curious which ones Astra
actually failed on. It was these two.
The AI request topic bubble explorer and
this terminus app which basically
simulates a personal terminal in the
web. And yeah, this thing has a lot of
functionality and it's quite complex and
Fable one on one-shotted it successfully
whereas Astra had issues whereas Fable
failed on this ink current studio. See
this doesn't even draw if I go through.
Whereas the Astra version, yeah, it just
works. Change these values to different
color. Export the still all functional.
And also this rag learning app. And this
ocean restoration annual report site
also had malfunctions with it. Although
it's really simple. And hey, by the way,
if you have any questions about anything
that I talk about here, you want more
definitions or details on something,
just leave a comment below. I'll go into
some of the top comments and answer them
and give you all the details you might
want. Try and keep this video pretty
high level so everybody gets value from
it. Also, overall, as you might have
expected, you know, it's a pretty
significant win for Astra, both of my
preference and the AI preference and
functionality is essentially the same
across them if you're oneshotting
frontends. But this leaves us with two
questions that are unanswered. One of
them is, okay, so which categories of
apps performed better in one than the
other? And I have some answers for you.
And two, how much did all of this cost?
Well, let's have a look. So, with the
category preferences, I'll focus on
Fable 5.1 as that was the winner on the
anthropic side versus Astra. In terms of
my human rating, I preferred Astra on
all of them except of audio and music
interfaces and experimental interfaces.
Some of the creative and out there stuff
that requires more of a different type
of personality did well with Fable. Just
like I said in the beginning, I mean,
that's the strength of the Fable model.
It's just a bit more, I don't know,
opinionated, a bit more unique, if you
will. So, for example, look at the site
where it creates a kinetic poem. It just
looks very corporate on the Astro site.
Whereas with Fable, well, or look at
this animation and this entire site that
was made by Fable. It's just, you know,
it understood the assignment. It's not
bad either. I just think the other one
fits more. On the other hand, where it
was a clean sweep for Astra, where I
just clearly preferred it every single
time, five out of five times, I guess,
was this category, narrative, editorial,
and spatial. just these funky sides that
kind of tell a story or are supposed to
express something in a creative visual
way like this roasted tomato recipe with
a built-in tomato timer and portion
sizing. And then when it comes to this
museum exhibition guide, you can just
see it really did a great job at
creating these images. I mean, this
chair is not perfect, but otherwise just
very visual appealing just with SVGs
because this is what Fable created,
which is just I don't know, simple. I
prefer Astra. And then I think you'll
like this one as a recommendation. When
it comes to dashboards, it's not even
close. Astra every single time. Data
visualizations, dashboards, just looks
better, feels better. Look, this is the
Astra generation of dashboard for the
economic index right here. You can, you
know, expand them, contract them, and
it's just a good layout. Whereas this, I
don't know, feels a bit misspaced. Or
this global AI usage map generated by
Astra. Just a beautiful dashboard with
everything working as expected. And
again, the SVG generation is better, but
let's not judge it just on that. Whereas
here with Fable, you get this little
scroll bar that to me doesn't really fit
into the whole thing. And then this is
very textheavy up top where this is a
nice structure to it. I mean, these more
professional things, yeah, Astra seems
to be the way to go there. And then
lastly, let's talk about cost. What did
all of this cost? Well, let me tell you,
in putting together this benchmark, I
spent well over $200 just testing
different prompts and seeing what I
like. And again, it it took several
iterations and I threw out versions of
this before this one. But when
generating these 50 sites directly
through the API, no caching, no batch
API, just straight up give me these
sites from the model provider, no extra
context with it. Fable 5 cost $21.24.
Fable 5.1 was more expensive at $29.15.
So that's almost60 per site. And GPT6
Astra came in at $20.64 64 cents for all
sites costing around 41 cents per site.
Meaning that it didn't just pass the
visual vibe check of mine in 70% of the
cases versus all the other models, but
also AI agrees with that opinion. And in
terms of functionality, you're not going
to see much of a difference when
oneshotting sites. And in terms of cost,
it's the cheapest, too. So, there you
go. Browse some of the sites. Let me
know if any example in here inspired
some idea for you. Or if you have
further questions. If you want some
examples of what Astra can do in
practice, check out my channel. I have
some amazing videos on that. People seem
to love those right now. And with that
being said, if we have not met yet, my
name is Eigor. I look at this stuff and
figure some things out for you so you
don't have to do the work. And with that
being said, that's pretty much
everything I have for today. My name is
Igor and I hope you have a wonderful
