UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Robot Demos Are Easy. Reliability Is Hard — Jason Ma, Dyna Robotics
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjfz1TqxzEs

[music]
>> Thanks for the kind introduction. So,
I'm Jason, co-founder of Diana.
Today, I'll talk about how we're
developing high-performance and very
robust generalist robotics policies.
Yeah.
So, let's jump into it. So, today's talk
will focus on, you know, how we're
bringing robots into commercial grade
and what we are doing to make these
models, like I said, very
high-performance and robust. So, just a
brief introduction to our company. So,
our mission is to build very robust
foundation model autonomy in the real
world. So, we want to train models and
these days also hardware to have a
single platform that can do many
economically useful physical tasks in
the real world, like the ones we're
showing here. So, the company the
company was founded in September 2024.
We are a series A company, have raised
about $120 million, and we
And our thesis is that to actually bring
robots into the real world, being at
commercial grade doing useful tasks, the
company needs to combine doing frontier
research with a lot of commercial
deployments, so we can build what we
consider a research and deployment
flywheel.
Uh which is that the research and
hardware we do in-house, the R&D informs
the kind of tasks, the kind of workflows
in the real world that we can
commercialize. So, we actively try to
deploy. So, these days we have more than
five deployment sites doing a bunch of
different tasks, which I will talk about
in a bit. And then by building product
and by deploying robots, it does several
things. One is that it can help us
gather high-quality deployment data, and
it can also tell us what our models and
what our hardware is not good at yet.
So, it helps us sharpen our research
focus to figure out what is the right
problem to work on in robotics. Because
if you're familiar with the robotics
field, there are too many problems.
There are too many different fields you
can spend your effort on. And by
deploying and by building a product, we
know exactly the right kind of problems
that we need to focus to actually make a
robotics not just a demo or videos you
see on YouTube, but rather in the real
world impacting millions of people's
life.
So, before I jump into what we
specifically work on at covariant, just
a very quick introduction on the kind of
models we're training for robotic
manipulation. So, at a high level, uh we
do data collection where you know,
there's a lot of data being collected.
So, here's a video of me uh manipulating
a robotic hardware to, you know, fold a
t-shirt. And once you collect enough of
this kind of data, you can put all of
them in a large neural network. And a
neural network essentially takes in a,
you know, representation of the world,
in this case just camera feed of what
the, you know, a table looks like, and
the outputs robot's, you know, joint
positions or torque to actually control
the robot to do the task that you have
collected data on.
Right?
So, you know, this is the high level of
how you robot models in the real world
function. So, how are we actually
scaling this up to actually create
models that's generalizable and it can
do a lot of different tasks. So, at
covariant we focus on what we call the
pre-training data pyramid for the real
world, where we gather a lot of diverse
off-robot data, just because robotics
data is very scarce. So, we have data
captured from humans wearing cameras, uh
from public data sets, and these days
we're also considering some simulation
data. But if you only have off-robot
data, it's not actually enough to get
robots to do very precise actions. So,
on the robot themselves, we also collect
diverse tasks collected in many
different scenarios, on many different
types of tasks, like industrial tasks,
household, uh in the laundromat, and uh
you know, hotels. And then finally,
because we're also deploying robots, we
can collect very high-quality deployment
data, which helps the model to close
train and test distribution gap. Because
when you're developing robots, you know,
most of the time your robots are in your
facility, in your laboratories. But if
you're deploying robots, it's in a very
different environment. So, we found that
by combining these three data sources,
we can actually train large-scale
foundation models that work very well in
the real world. And so far, we have more
than 200,000 hours of data in our
training pipeline.
And the model architecture roughly
follows a high-level reasoning model
with a low-level world action model that
can actually output dexterous actions at
fine-grained high frequency, right? So,
this is the kind of architecture we have
because in the real world, if you think
about a robot doing physical tasks, it
needs to have a semantic understanding
of the world, but also needs to
understand physical interaction at a
fine-grained level to be actually able
to, you know, recover from mistakes and
do very precise actions to complete the
task.
So, once you combine,
you know, this architecture with a lot
of data, what happens is that the model
can be rapidly fine-tuned to do a bunch
of different tasks in the real world.
Yeah, so here are just a gallery of the
kind of benchmark tasks we're doing in
the office. So, it spans from, you know,
like cleaning trash, opening a box, to,
you know, things like folding towels,
folding t-shirts, and also just a bunch
of other tasks our researchers have
thought about.
And what's really interesting is that
with a good pre-trained model, even
without any,
you know, for some of these tasks I'm
showing you here, they're not in the
pre-training data at all. But with a
good pre-training, you can actually
post-train the model to do these kind of
highly dexterous tool use tasks with
very little amount of data. So, both of
the videos you're seeing here have only
been trained on with less than 1 hour of
task-specific data. But you can see that
the robot can repetitively
do these tasks over and over without
failure. And I think this is a stepping
stone towards actual commercial grade
real world deployment because in the
real world physical tasks need to be
done by humans and by robots over and
over. And if your models are not
reliable enough, then yes, you can shoot
these kind of pretty demos, but it's
still very far away from actual
deployment.
So that actually brings us to what I
consider the current status quo for
training large-scale foundation models
for manipulation, which is that the
generous models that can do many many
tasks like the ones I've been showing
you. Even though they make pretty
videos, but what I would tell you is
that the success rate is actually
not super high.
You know, when these models are actually
deploying, they're about 80 to 90%
success rate. But if you're stuck at 80
to 90% success rate, then you know, the
chance that you can do the same task 10
times in a row is actually less than
0.1%.
And on on the flip side, in the history
of robotics, we have had very
specialized robots and a very
specialized machine learning pipelines
to do singular tasks like pick and
place. But this kind of pipeline, which
is what I consider specialist models,
aren't aren't very scalable, meaning
that you can't take the same pipeline to
just do a new task and do an arbitrary
task very fast. So our mission is to
resolve the status quo and you know,
this kind of like dichotomy by training
general purpose models that can both do
many many tasks and also be reliable
enough for commercial deployments.
So how do we actually do that? In
today's talk, I'll briefly talk about
some of our progress on mastering very
complex tasks very reliably and also
taking the same skills to be performant
not only in the environments in the
laboratory environments that we're
training, but also being able to deploy
to arbitrary customer sites without
fine-tuning or without fine-tuning
adaptation.
Okay, so let me get to this. Right, So,
the first question we want to answer is
can we take, you know, the general
pre-training and post-training recipe
that we had, but then turn these models
into models that can be almost close to
100% robust on uh any task. So, this is
the first research result we published
last year. Uh for detail, you can check
out our blog post. But, at a high level,
you know, if we want to make a model
100% robust on many, many tasks, I think
it's very good to first narrow down on a
commercial use case that's reasonably
hard, which allows you to make research
progress, but also has commercial value.
So, when we first started the company uh
last year, what we discovered is that if
you go to any, you know, uh restaurant,
you know, uh fancy restaurant or dim sum
places in the US, you'll see nicely
folded napkin on the table, right, for
you, right? If you go to a Cheesecake
Factory, you'll see those napkins. And
what happens is that in the back office
of the restaurant, there's usually uh
workers or, you know, restaurant
employees that's folding these napkins
one by one by hand. And that's a very
mundane process, and a lot of the
customers we have talked to are looking
into robots that can actually do the
same task. So, this is one of the
earliest case study we did on how to
train models to be very robust.
So,
our research result is a model called
the Dyna-1, which is a generalist robot
foundation model that's fine-tuned to do
napkin folding. They can actually
achieve 99.4% success rate over a
24-hour span. So, here is a time lapse
of the model, you know, doing the task.
And uh you know, it's sped up about a
thousand times, so you can see the clock
in the back running very quickly to show
the progress. And uh my favorite part of
the video is when the clock, you know,
hits about like right now, right? Like
7:00 a.m. in the morning, so the lights,
you know, actually come out in the
outside. So, the environments are
actually, you know, shifting over time
due to the lighting as the robot folds
the napkin, but the model's robust
enough, and it just keeps going.
So, how do we actually get to a model
that can do this?
And uh first of all, you know, this uh
video we put out is not a one-time
occurrence. The model can do this many,
many times
uh in the office, you know, so these are
four distinct trials of 24-hour runs.
So, before I dive into the technical
detail, just to highlight how difficult
the task is. So, you see that in the
napkin folding task, you start out with
a stack of napkin on the side, and what
the robot has to do is like be very
precise about picking out exactly one
napkin from the stack, and then fold it,
and then put it into a bin. And then a
lot of the
failure cases just come from the fact
that these, you know, parallel jaw
grippers we're deploying, you know, the
gripper may not be precise enough to be
able to pick out exactly one napkin. And
in these situations, the model has to
learn how to recover from the mistakes
of pulling out extra napkins.
And then secondly, the in commercial
environment, different from a lab demo
where the researchers like me are
thinking of task success, there's
actually very
well-defined success criteria for these
tasks. So, on the right, you see the
difference between what we consider a
grade five fold, which is a fold quality
that the restaurant would accept versus
a grade three, which is something that's
below the acceptance criteria. And what
you see is a barely like 1-in difference
in how, you know, low the you know, the
second fold seam of the napkin is.
So, how do we actually get to a model
that works really well? So, our internal
attempt was kind of like the
pre-training
many, many hours of data and then
post-training recipe that I told you
about in the beginning. And doing this
roughly gets you about 80% success rate.
And what happens is that the model, you
know, is doing fine in the beginning,
but as soon as it makes a mistake, it'll
typically go out of distribution, get
stuck, and unable to recover.
So, we have to do something more than
the standard pre-training and
post-training idea that's very popular
in robotics and also in other fields.
So what we did is that we developed what
we consider
reward models for complex long horizon
manipulation tasks. So these are models
that can, you know, look at a robot
video and accurately score its progress
towards solving a task. All right, so
let me just play these videos again. So
here's the same model, you know, being
able to score how well the robot is
doing these long horizon complex tasks
as it's, you know, going from
you know, starting of the task to
finish. So you see that as the robot's
completing a task, it's able to go from
zero to one. And if you squint at these
videos enough, you also see that
whenever the robot is actually making
some mistakes, there will be like slight
dips in the reward model. And that
actually becomes a very important
insight into how to make these models
very robust. So here's what happens when
you run such model during like a
autonomous run out of the robot. So you
see that when the robot is doing fine
folding napkins, the progress estimation
is roughly monotonic going up, right?
Because the robots are not messing up.
But what's really interesting is is that
let me just for fast forward a bit.
Whenever the model starts to make
mistakes, so here it is. This is the
ninth napkin is folding. So you see that
when the model is like making mistake,
that's when the progress estimation, you
know, starts to like, you know, show
non-monotonic sign indicating that the
robot is messing up. Right? And this is
very important because once your model
is like good enough in the 90% uh
range, then it's very inefficient for
humans to manually oversee the robot to
detect its failure and then try to
recover. But once we have this reward
model, we can actually do what I
consider uh scalable supervision. So you
can just have the robot trying to fold
napkins and then run this reward model
in the background. So whenever a model
does make a mistake, uh we as
researchers or operators can immediately
know the kind of video case that the
model is struggling on and then do very
targeted data collection and error
recovery data for the model, then we can
fine-tune the model again. So, the
overall pipeline looks like a
human-in-the-loop active learning
process where we can use the reward
model to help us catch the the kind of
mistake the model is bad at and then do
targeted collection to make the model
better and iterate.
And what we found is that once you
iterate on this
uh couple cycles, then you start to get
a model that's extremely robust and can
recover from all kinds of errors and
finally bringing us closer to a
commercial grade robots. So, here is
just uh some of the
uh
you know
uh
highlights, I guess, during the 24-hour
trial. So, what you saw there was the
robot accidentally picked out more than
one napkins and the model is able to,
you know, separate the napkins and uh
you know, here it's kind of doing that
and uh
be able to continue progressing. And
what we found very interesting is that
uh
napkin folding is a deformable object
manipulation task, right? So, there is
almost infinitely many possible states
or configuration that a napkin can get
to. So, it's impossible to exhaustively
collect data for all the error cases.
But once we had done the active learning
many, many times, we saw the model able
to generalize to new ways of recovery
from the mistakes made and continue to
make progress. And that contributed to
its ability to be able to uh fold that
uh 99.4% success rate. So, here's uh
what I found the most impressive bit
from the trial. So, typically, if you
look at robot videos, you know, they
only show you the successful cases. But
here, I wanted to highlight that even
where a model accidentally pulled the
entire napkins stack over, it's able to
demonstrate this kind of error recovery
behavior. That was very surprising to us
when we were developing the model and it
contribute to how it's able to just
continuously run, right? So, here
he made a
big mess, but he's able to just do all
kind of like very impressive like
pulling you know, stretching behavior to
recover from his mistake and then
continuously going.
Yeah, so you know, after developing such
technology, we actually are successful
at deploying our models at many many
restaurants in the US. So, here's a real
restaurant deployment of our robot
folding napkins for the customers in
their back office.
And in addition to folding napkin,
because the recipe is quite
generalizable, now we also have models
doing bunch of commercial tasks. So,
here's at a real laundromat in
Sacramento, and this time we fine-tune
our model to do
towel folding for the customer. So, you
can see you know, there's a restaurant I
guess a laundromat worker coming here to
fill the bin over and over, and the
robot just kept folding stacks of towels
to serve the customer.
So, now let's talk about we have a
recipe to master very complex tasks.
But, the caveat here is that in all the
videos I've shown you so far, we have
also collected data at the exact
customer site where location that the
robot is deployed. But, if you think
about scaling robots to any task or to
any customer site, then it'll be much
better or more ideal if the models can
readily generalize the environments they
haven't seen before. So, this is what we
have worked on in the
I guess the end of last year where we
figured out a data recipe to collect a
lot of diverse tasks to allow the robots
to be able to deploy at a new site
without any additional data while
maintaining the task performance. So,
here's a demo we did at Coral 2025. So,
Coral is the premier academic conference
on robot learning, and it's held in
Korea last year. So, you know, bringing
a robot from the US to Korea was its
whole challenge that I can talk about
offline. But, the recipe we discovered
was able to, you know, we just brought
the robot to our, you know, exhibition
booth and just dropped it there, and the
robot can start folding many, many
different t-shirts. And you see that the
robot is facing the, you know, the
conference attendees. So, many, many
times there were people just
deliberately trying to mess with the
robot, use the t-shirt to cover up the
robot's camera, then, you know, all kind
of fancy stuff that you see at academic
conferences. But, the model is able to
continuously fold t-shirts over and over
for 3 days straight at the conference
just to demonstrate the ability to, you
know, solve this task at environments
it's never seen before, bringing it, you
know, much closer to the kind of, you
know, ideal, you know, go-to-market that
you want to have for robotics company,
which is just putting the robot to a
site and it just starts working.
And recently, we have also ventured into
many different tasks. Like, we have a a
partnership with Red Bull where we're
opening Red Bull cans at, you know, Red
Bull events. So, here's a video of our
uh
robot. Again, uh I guess this video
won't play properly. So, but you get the
point. We brought the robot to a Red
Bull event and it's able to
uh open uh these Red Bull drinks for,
again, conference attendees over and
over without failure, even though in
this particular deployment, it's at a
music festival, so the lighting's always
changing in the background, but the
model can continue. Yeah, but due to
yeah, I guess the
video will not play.
So, just to summarize, uh our mission at
AINA is to be able to build
general-purpose models and robots that's
both competent at many tasks, but also
being able to focus and attain really
high performance on commercial tasks.
And I have demonstrated some of our
recent progress on mastering complex
tasks and also generalizing the skills
to environments is the robots have never
seen before. So, we are a series A stage
company actively growing and hiring and
if you're also interested in partnering
with us for deployments and other
things, feel free to reach out and then
talk to me after the talk and thank you
for listening.
>> Awesome. Thank you, Jason. Really
appreciate.
If you guys haven't seen the data robot
in life in real life, have you check it
out? I will say see as very impressive
performance.
Do we have any question or want to ask?
Okay, cool.
>> Thank you for sharing the presentation.
I wanted to ask if you are already doing
kind of like
providing developer kits with robots,
SDKs, frameworks, etc. for your
commercial partners?
>> Yeah, so we haven't been working on
develop developer kit, but you know,
at the current moment we're building our
own hardware stack. So, maybe at some
point it's on our road map, but
not as of not as of now. Yeah.
>> I'm curious if you have ventured into
education like teaching kids
elementary maths or any such use case
you tried.
>> Yeah, so we haven't looked into
education use case, right?
But I think in the future, you know,
once our
full stack robotics pipelines mature,
once we have our own hardware, our data
collection, you know, toolkit, I think
it's possible and I think it'll be very
interesting to venture into education
use cases because I also think robotics
will only get bigger in the future. So,
I think it'll be really really
interesting to get children and young
kids into the field and the learning how
to actually train models to do tasks.
>> Thank you for the presentation, really
good. Uh
my question is like is there do you guys
have a plan for uh kind of taking this
technology direct to consumer? Like I
saw the use case for the laundry folding
laundry.
A lot of people don't like folding
laundry. I think this is a great use
case. So, is that something that you
guys thinking about? And obviously
there's a cost and all those aspects,
but what's what's your plan in the long
term on this technology?
>> Yeah, so our long-term plan is to
develop, you know, like a robot model
plus hardware platform that can be
deployed anywhere for anyone. So, that
would include, you know, like going
directly to consumers. And you know, our
models today are able to just fold, you
know, uh many kinds of garments. But uh
in terms of like go to market strategy,
our current focus is on enterprise use
cases because I think the distribution
channel is like I think it's easier to
uh work with uh
enterprise customers. Like we can deploy
right away and iterate at customer
sites. But for consumer product, I think
uh I would imagine that it has to be
very very polished and it's less
tolerant for mistakes. And there is a
lot of privacy safety concerns that we
think uh we are
trying to not get into at the current
moment to
uh unblock us from deployments because
we think that the bottleneck for AI
robot is getting AI and hardware
co-working together very very well. And
I think commercial environments provide
ideal testing ground uh for companies
and for the entire field at this stage.
>> Thank you, Jason.
Uh my name is Ahmed and I work in a
in voice AI in in the voice space. And
at least for consumer robots, uh
where I believe humans will want to
issue voice commands to robots, uh can
you talk about how to integrate uh
traditional voice stacks, you know,
which are intent-driven and uh uh
different kinds of models from uh uh
robotic, you know, VLA models.
>> Yeah, that's a great question. So, we
think uh robot human interactions really
important, and it at the end of the day,
right? We want to develop models that
are teachable. So, it'd be really nice
if humans can speak to it, and the robot
does the task. So, the way I think about
it, so I'm not I don't have a speech or
audio background, so what I can think of
is like there is very mature
speech-to-text models, right? So, you
can use that running the on-board to
translate human intent or human speech
into text very quickly, and then, you
know, that's where our reasoning model
and our world model comes into play,
because both of them are able to
interpret text commands. So, that will
allow the model to translate instruction
into actions. But, I think in the
overall stack, the bottleneck is still
on the robot foundation models, because
models today our models and other
people's model are not ready to just
execute any arbitrary commands. So, I
think there's still a gap in terms of
low-level robotic manipulation to get
there. But, I think that's the eventual
goal that we want to get to. Just a
model that can be steerable, that can be
taught by anyone. Yeah.
Okay. Thank you.
>> Um how do you think about, I guess, the
split of intelligence between
the general foundation models that you
all are training, I guess, something
like a task-specific model for something
like laundry folding, and then kind of
some of the on-site specific training
that needs to happen for a specific
deployment in a particular environment?
>> Yeah, I think both are very very
important, right? So, the kind of recipe
that we have is, you know, we have
pre-training, post-training, then we
have some of the sort of active
learning, right? I I think
uh
if you think about, you know, humans,
right? You know, we have like basic
level of like semantic and physical
understanding that allows us to adapt
any physical task very fast, and I think
the best way to even build commercial
grade robots today is by doing that.
Because by doing a lot of generalist
model training have a general
understanding of physical world that's
very useful. And what we have seen, so
this is something I didn't talk about in
the talk is that when the model was
recovering from all kind of errors that
you saw, a lot of that also just came
from interpolating different error
recovery behavior that is gathered from
doing other tasks, right? Just because,
you know, the model has seen thousands
of tasks we had some data to recover
from all kinds of mistakes is able to
just execute that kind of like uh on
demand on a new task it hasn't seen
before. But if you're only specializing
a model from the get-go on one task,
then it's actually missing out on a lot
of the physical knowledge that allows
the model to be more robust than if you
only train on one task. And that's what
we have seen consistently. That's why,
you know, in the beginning of the talk I
also emphasize on having that general
pre-training backbone and then doing
post-training and active learning on top
of that to get to actual commercial
grade usability, not on just one task,
but also the same recipe that can be
repeated across many many tasks.
>> Awesome. Thank you, Jason. Really
appreciate. Um that's a wrap for uh data
session. Uh if you have more questions,
feel free to catch Jason after the
session as well. Uh but yeah, this wrap
our morning session. Uh this afternoon
we have Unity, Skydio, Zoox, uh Waymo,
DeepMind. Um so we'll catch you and see
you AI as well. So we'll see you in the
afternoon. Thank you, everyone.
>> [music]
