UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Building the Document Context Layer for AI Agents — Jerry Liu, LlamaIndex
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQi7x-navxU

[music]
>> I think we can get started. Hey
everyone, I'm Jerry, co-founder and CEO
of LlamaIndex, and today I'm excited to
uh give a talk called building the
document context layer for AI agents. Um
really uh big shoutout to the AI
Engineer World Fair for hosting. Um and
if you've seen some of my earlier talks
from the previous uh AI Engineer
conferences, uh we've kind of traced
through a lot of the evolution of how,
you know, um agent advances have
correlated with uh you know, how you
inject context into evolving
applications. Um and so today, in 2026,
we'll kind of talk about three main
topics. One is, you know, what is RAG in
2026? Um two, uh basically that
basically decomposes into an agent
harness plus a context layer. So kind of
going into the modern document context
layer for agents, um and giving you a
little bit of sense of kind of some of
the core capabilities today, um
especially uh unlocking, you know, the
vast trove of document-based data today,
and giving you a glimpse of what's next.
All right. RAG in 2026. But before that,
just a little bit about the company, and
I'll kind of get on with the main talk.
Um you might have seen us as a RAG
framework. We started in 2023, got
pretty popular, um kind of created a lot
of techniques around like advanced RAG,
that type of stuff. Um today, we're
basically the main document
infrastructure for AI agents. Um we
deliver the best platform for agents to
actually read and operate over
documents, and we see ourselves as
unlocking basically the vast troves of
document context even as agents and
models themselves get better.
All right. So, what does RAG actually
mean in 2026, and how are agents
actually inhaling and addressing context
today?
This is a snapshot from um actually 3
years ago, um when I first gave a talk
on this, and naive RAG was basically
just building a simple chatbot over your
private corpus of data. If you flash
back all the way to January of like
2023, um you know, this technique
basically consisted of you have some
corpus of documents, um you chunk it up,
embed it, and put it into a vector
database. You do some naive top K
retrieval, and then you generate some
stuff with an LLM. All the steps are
fixed. You use kind of like a fixed set
of techniques, and then with that you
actually get some basic application
results by just being able to chat over
a corpus of documents.
Of course, the agent landscape has
changed quite a bit and quite
dramatically since then.
One is agent loops and tool use have
gotten a lot a lot better, especially as
both the models and agent harnesses have
increased. And there's basically a
cleaner separation now between agent
reasoning and how they actually interact
with context. If you look at what I call
kind of the modern generalized agents,
which includes, you know, all your
favorite applications and tools out
there from Claude Code, Claude Code
Work, Open Claw, Codex, and a few
others,
you know, the retrieval complexity has
started to get baked into the agent
layer. So, instead of coming up with a
variety of hacks to really work around
the limitations of naive top K
retrieval, you can start getting the
agent to really reason about, for
instance, the best key best keyword to
search for, best like, you know, search
term to actually get back good results.
Even if the retrieval tools are basic,
the agent can input the right queries to
basically loop upon itself and help
solve the task at hand.
Number two, context is moving up the
stack. There's been a lot of
conversations, I think, for the first
two and a half years of Gen AI of how do
you actually manage the agent context
window, make sure it doesn't overflow,
that type of thing. But, I think as, you
know, a lot of the evolving techniques,
compaction, long contexts have evolved,
I think more and more of the
conversation is actually how do you just
hook up the right MCP servers and skills
and tasks to the agent to enable it to
do various types of tasks.
And so, that also applies to agent
orchestration, right? Coding agents have
gotten better.
Abstractions of actually defining what
types of tasks and programs you want to
build have moved a little bit upwards
towards English as opposed to through
code. And so, maybe in 2023 to 2025, you
define programs and you still build
stuff via like importing Python, using
TypeScript through code. It's pretty
clear these days more and more people
are just building stuff using English,
whether you're a software engineer or
you're a non-technical function like
go-to-market marketing. And you're
defining runbooks through English and
kind of like defining the right goals
and making sure the AI is aligned on the
right task. And we see that carrying
over going forward as well.
So, in terms of just like general
evolving knowledge work patterns, and
this kind of forms a foundation for what
we how we think about the context layer.
You know,
in the past maybe you could use AI to
just like ask simple questions, get it
resolved.
Today, you're starting to be able to
define and solve more end-to-end like
tasks just through English and also use
English to start
compiling repeatable programs to
actually execute something at scale.
Obviously, there's been a lot of
discussion on how this will evolve even
more, and we do see AI agents as
behaving even more autonomously through
solving long horizon tasks, looping upon
themselves to be able to achieve a goal.
So, the future will move towards a state
where you actually might not even have
to define the task in English, but
actually more of the goal and a scoring
rubric, and then the agent will use all
available context available to it to
actually solve the task.
So, with that overall framing, let's
talk about what kind of what is a pretty
core focus for us as a company, which is
basically helping to unlock unstructured
context to basically feed into these
agents even as they get really, really
good both in terms of the core model
capabilities as well as the agent
harness. And we'll focus a lot on our
core focus area, which is document
context, but of course there's plenty of
other sources of context as well. In
fact, we do think context really is
everything.
In the end, you could have a infinitely
smart agents, but your ability to
actually get value out of this
infinitely AI agent um, able to do more
and more stuff end to end, is actually,
you know, giving it the right things to
do. Um, and the right things to do
include the actual task, uh, the goal,
um, but also access to the vast troves
of organizational context available to
it. Whether that is web search, web
context, whether that is connectors
through, you know, like tools and skills
and MCP servers, whether it's connectors
through Snowflake or Databricks
warehouses, um, or for us, whether it's
access to the vast trove, like the 90%
of documents that are stored within
SharePoint, Box, Dropbox, S3, um, you
know, all the unstructured, uh, data
that's locked up within document
containers. Um, and so for us, you know,
we care a lot about how do you actually
build the right tools and unlock the
right context here.
We see documents as universal containers
for unstructured context. Uh, there's
over 10 trillion plus pages of human
native knowledge locked up within PDFs,
PowerPoints, Word documents, and Excel
sheets. And at the same time, agents are
also starting to generate exponentially
more data in terms of, you know, more
agent native formats in terms of
markdown and HTML.
For us, building an agent native
document platform contains three main
pieces. Uh, it contains the document
parsing layer, actually digitalizing,
um, the vast troves of PDFs,
PowerPoints, and Word documents into
kind of accurate token efficient
context, um, and feeding it, you know,
either markdown, metadata, and other
forms that actually enable agents to do
stuff over your documents.
The next is actually what we call the
semantic and storage layer, um, which is
kind of like this concept of document
management for humans and agents.
Instead of humans opening up Microsoft
Word, using your file system or file
storage, how do you create some sort of
agent interface that actually captures,
stores all your documents, and enables
agents to actually manage and operate
over them in various ways. Um, and then
there's still a room for actually kind
of repeatable document workflows is
agent layer they can actually encode
within the
uh
within like this type of platform, too.
If there is a repeatable workflow, like
invoice processing, KYC, or claims,
instead of always offloading it to a
generalized agent, how do you actually
develop some sort of specialized
workflow for it and really carefully
tune cost and accuracy to make sure that
you achieve your goal.
So, when we talk about like the concepts
today in in terms of these three layers,
uh we'll talk about this concept of
document OCR, which is one of the core
concepts of this track, um to document
extraction, document search, and
document workflows. There's still a
variety of topics yet left unsolved from
agent native document formats, document
versioning, document editing, you know,
hill climbing as a service, and just
like a wide set of uh kind of remaining
concepts to actually create a
comprehensive piece of software where
agents and humans can collaborate on
documents and actually do work over
them.
So, we'll start with the first section
um and maybe start kind of with uh the
document OCR RP.
Um first off, uh you know, document OCR
is hard. Um some of you might have seen
a blog post that we put out a few months
ago related to this topic. But, the
reason this problem even exists is an
agent cannot actually take the like the
raw PDF like file binary and make sense
of it. Um that's because the like the
way PDFs are actually stored as a format
is it's rendered for kind of like
display purposes um and not really for
uh you know, machine consumption in an
interpretable manner.
Um
they're designed for printing. So,
basically text are represented as almost
like individual glyphs with coordinates.
Um tables are not represented as tables,
they're represented as like typically
line segments uh drawn with various
types of borders, and also text drawn at
certain cell positions. And so, if
you're kind of an agent that's trying to
make sense of this like document, you're
going to have a really hard time
actually trying to reason about what
character and what shapes like map to
what. Um so the whole point of document
OCR, um, you know, it's been around for
like 20 plus years, is to really try to
create some sort of, uh, digitalized
well-interpretable, uh, representation
um, that's both interpretable to humans,
um, as well as AI agents.
Also, reading order itself, if you have
a multi-column layout, there is no, uh,
guarantee that the way it's represented
in the PDF, um, actually corresponds to
the typical ways that humans would read
it. Cuz again, it's basically just an
arbitrary sequence of characters drawn
with uh, coordinate positions.
Related to this, you know, even Word
doc, uh, parsing is hard. Um, they're a
little bit more structured than PDFs,
but they're in kind of like this, uh,
custom bespoke XML format, and this
applies to PowerPoints as well. Um, it
contains more structural information,
but still there's a ton of like fluff.
Like you don't actually need to ingest
all the tags to actually have the agent
make sense of the Word document. It
still needs to infer a bunch of
structure from it. It needs like the
right, uh, kind of to lift the right
metadata around like formatting,
semantics, that type of stuff. But also
being able to ignore the tags and
actually be able to render the document
so that the agent can see the overall
structure of the page. Um, it's still
generally hard problem, and there's a
lot of uplift you can get by actually
parsing it into a more interpretable
format instead of just using the native,
uh, OXML and feeding that to an agent.
Um, if you're familiar with document
understanding, um, you know, it's been
around for quite a bit of time. Um,
there's a lot of these like heuristic
and pipeline-based approaches, which,
uh, focused on kind of more, uh, I guess
like human-driven, hand-handwritten like
techniques to analyze like kind of
various pieces of text, group them into
clusters, and identify tables,
paragraphs, and be able to kind of like,
uh, generate some sort of output
representation. Um, a lot of basic
techniques if you use open-source
libraries like PyPDF, PyMuPDF, um, and
of course like some of the,
uh, more recent approaches, um,
basically use this type of approach.
There's also, of course, using a VLM to
one-shot a document um, into text, uh,
that's what we call like a vision-based
approach.
This works decently well. Obviously, you
know, I think there's kind of a lot of
uplift you can get by being able to read
the visual structure, but there's a lot
of sub-optimal pieces about it. It can
hallucinate on text-only pages. It costs
a ton of money,
and also it still lacks a lot of the
semantics and grounding that you
typically expect with some sort of
document processing tool.
And so for us, we really think about
combining both the pipeline-based
approaches of deeply understanding the
file containers and binaries with the
vision-based approaches to help
generate, you know, kind of
a hybrid approach that we think is at
the Pareto frontier of cost and
accuracy.
A quick note on this, I'll probably just
like skim the high level, but the Pareto
frontier for document OCR
will always be like much more accurate
and cheap compared to the Pareto
frontier for, you know, wherever the
frontier models are in terms of document
understanding. It's because it's a very
specific data type, and there's always
ways to kind of like distill the latest
visual understanding capabilities from,
you know, Gemini, GPT,
Opus into kind of a carefully tailored
workflow that's able to process your
documents at scale and in a highly
accurate manner.
To some extent, that's exactly what we
do. You know, we both optimize
underlying like PDF engines plus like
Word, PowerPoint, and others.
We have an agentic harness that's like
carefully tuned for auto routing between
cheaper specialized models to frontier
models,
and also kind of specialized fine-tuned
document VLMs that are parameter
efficient and focus on specific classes
of documents,
elements like tables, charts, and
others.
That's our commercial service called
LlamaParse, which I'll talk about in a
bit. But I think in general, you know,
we're extremely committed to advancing
the frontier of just document
understanding cuz basically if you're
within an enterprise organization and
you have a massive long tail of
documents across financial services,
insurance, manufacturing, legal,
government, and a bunch of others,
there's just a lot of complexity in a
lot of these document types. And if
you're actually trying to unlock context
at scale,
most of the models are not up for the
task. And so, we've created this thing
called ParseBench, which is a
comprehensive enterprise document
benchmark for agents. We we think about
it as the most comprehensive enterprise
document benchmark. You know, it
contains 2,000 human-verified pages. It
measures tables, charts, content
faithfulness, semantic formatting.
And it's optimized for
just how AI agents are actually able to
understand these documents instead of
like syntactic correctness.
We've If you look at parsebench.ai,
which is, you know, kind of the it's a
fully public page on the internet. It's
also available on Hugging Face and
Kaggle.
We benchmark probably like 50 different
frontier models, open weight models,
specialized OCR solutions. And you
really want the Pareto curve to kind of
be towards the left and up in terms of
accuracy, like extremely high accuracy,
but also extremely low cost. And there's
just so many different types of
documents, where some are a little bit
simpler, maybe some are a little bit
more complex. And ideally, you want to
cover all the points on the curve to
deal with the dynamic distribution of
various types of documents out there.
It's pretty clear, even if you look at
this graph, that it's
like you can increase the complexity of
the benchmark, and that document
understanding is definitely not a 100%
solved. But, you know, you fundamentally
need to kind of advance a lot of the
core capabilities to make sure they're
able to process, unlock the vast trove
of enterprise context out there.
There's kind of like a few different
points on this accuracy cost latency
Pareto curve. There's what I call like
the high accuracy regime, where like,
you know, some institutions basically
need like 99 to almost 100% accuracy,
because basically, the downside of an
incorrect extraction is you completely
mess up your financial model, you
completely, you know, you basically get
flagged for fraud or a bunch of other
really really bad things.
In regulated industries like insurance
and financial services, we see this a
decent amount. This typically means
you're willing to pay a little bit more
money per page for like deeper agent
tech reasoning to at least make sure
that you get back the the information in
the right format. There's also like the
low cost regime. Let's say you're just
trying to index, you know, the million
plus documents per day within your
that's you know, being continually
updated within your SharePoint just for
like rag knowledge base search. You
know, in these cases, you obviously want
it to be not like terribly inaccurate,
but even if it's a little bit messed up,
it's okay, too. Because in the end if
you have a sufficiently good agent, it
can always dive deeper into the document
and surface the right information with
the right citations and grounding.
So for these, you know, being able to
create some sort of scalable offline
indexing pipeline that has the best like
cost constraints
is something that is optimal.
One thing about VLMs based approaches
though is that, you know, they're
typically not very fast. And I think a
lot of times if you have like real-time
file uploads, let's say you're using
Cloud Co-work, you upload a thousand
documents and you need to process it
within a minute a minute, like having a
bunch of VLMs process that at scale is
really tough for basically every single
OCR service out there. And and to be
fair, that includes ours, too. I think
in general, there's also some sort of
need for an extremely low latency
solution so that you can actually
process stuff in real-time even if you
have like deeper VLM enabled processing
for kind of like deeper visual
inspection and analysis.
And so that's what I call kind of being
in the agent loop. So besides Lama
Parse, which is kind of our commercial
service around like document processing
and extraction, we also created this
tool called Light Parse.
It is surprisingly really really good. I
don't know if you've been following some
of the Twitter threads, but it is
Rust-based. It is the fastest
open-source parser out there. It is
completely free, um, and there is
basically no strings attached. I think
it's like MIT or Apache license. Um, and
it basically is the most accurate like
markdown parser out there that doesn't
use a VLM or any sort of kind of like
deeper model. Um, and so this is kind of
nice because you can use it as a default
in the assistive agent loop. Um, let's
say you're uploading a a bunch of
documents to Quad Code, Quad Code Work,
Codex, and you want it to process like a
thousand PDFs extremely quickly. You can
always do that, um, and then, you know,
equip a VLM-based parser like Llama
Parser or other frontier models as a
tool. So, what these agents will do is
they'll do like a fast pass over all the
documents first, uh, uh, kind of like
just scan through all the context
extremely efficiently, um, and then if
actually needs to dive into a page with
like tables, with like charts, and
actually needs to more deeply understand
the values, um, it will use a VLM-based
tool, slower processing, to actually
make sure it reads the information
correctly. This is available as a
one-click installable skill, um,
complements kind of any other deeper
VLM-based OCR tool you want to use, um,
and we kind of designed to make it as
fast as possible and also easy to plug
in to your favorite AI agent.
So, I kind of speed ran through a bunch
of this stuff, but basically, you know,
uh, we spent a bunch of time on the, uh,
parsing layer. There's also other, um,
general components around like the
semantic and storage layer in terms of
document extraction and search, and of
course like document workflows. Um, and
due to time, I'll probably kind of just,
uh, skip some of the, uh, unexplored
areas like agent native document
formats, hill climbing as a service, and
others, but I'll share the full set of
slides online. In terms of the semantic
and storage layer, you know, besides
document parsing, um, a lot of use cases
also require actually getting back, uh,
structured information at scale from
documents. Whether you're processing,
you know, a million invoices or expense
reports or receipts or claims, you need
to make sure that, you know, you want to
actually get back structured outputs
that you can put into a downstream
database or system.
And so, a lot of these use cases
basically revolve around the form of,
you know, how do you automate a lot of
workloads that humans typically do in
scanning a lot of paperwork and doing
data entry. Whether it is kind of,
again, invoices, claims, contracts,
receipts, or others.
We kind of created these capabilities
within Llama Parse as well.
A lot of our capabilities are actually
tuned towards like low cost while
extremely high accuracy. And you get
back granular citations all the way back
to the source document for every
extracted output. And of course, you can
run this in a pipeline at scale with
confidence scores
and also, you know, being able to
actually flag whether or not we're
certain about a certain value before
deciding to put it into some sort of
system.
There's also document search, which is a
basically expanded tool set as I
mentioned around retrieval, BM25, grep,
vector search, reading, and scrolling.
And so, all these capabilities are
available within some of our commercial
platforms as well as open source
offerings. But I also just wanted to
paint a picture of the general concepts
out there today.
So, I'll skip this section about kind of
what's next and then maybe just go all
the way to the end. I know I'm a little
bit over time. So, really appreciate you
all spending time today and then let me
just how do I get to this part really
quick? Oh, right.
I'm going to skip this piece. I'll put
put this online.
Our booth is at LG 47. If you guys are
interested in stopping by and we're
hosting a giant pickleball tournament
today. So, thank you for your time.
>> [applause]
