UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Modality Misalignment and Originality Attribution in Short-Form Video — Aditya Gautam, Meta
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNE8No-wvok

[music]
Hello everyone. Uh I am Adita and we
will be talking about uh two main
problems that happen on the short form
surfaces. We are going to talk about how
do we deal with these things at a scale.
Uh
so to get started first thing is we will
understand what are the characteristics
of the data that we are trying to deal
with what are the two main problems that
we are actually working on uh and what
are the multi- aent systems to solve
those problems at a scale what are the
different specialized small scale WM
that we can uh build uh to solve those
individual agentic problem and how do we
build those agents what are the
different ways to actually optimize it
like to make it like scalable at a very
big scale and then we will be looking
into the evaluation in a very holistic
360 manner not just like a precision
recall what is out there how do we
understand the entire multi-agenting
pipeline both from LLM level tools MCP
and whatn not everything out there and
then we will be getting into the
optimization techniques which this which
are very vision specific and metadata
specific which will allow us and give us
some intelligence to tell that we really
don't need to do intell like this
intelligent like workflow So for all the
videos we can figure out what are the
small set of videos which should be the
candidate for doing these things and we
will conclude with the takeaways.
So the real life data is very messy. It
is we are talking about at a scale of
100 million plus and a lot more viral
content. There's a lot of adversal
content people are trying to gain the
system. There are a lot of uh
multilingual text on the screens and in
their videos and images. And the uh data
is very dynamic. it keeps on changing
from like month to month different AI
tools are coming everything out there so
it's it's really really dynamic that
means there is a lot of drift issues and
other thing that comes with a video data
and then we know that there is no clear
ground truth for the problem that we're
trying to solve so these are like
existing problem which happens in a real
world video data set we will be the
first problem that we will be talking
about is the modality misalignment where
the first is intramodality which is a
very solved problem you can have a clip
model you can have a modality on uh uh
images, videos, uh audio, text and
figure out what exactly is the cosign
similarity on those embedding and figure
it out. So this is a much simpler
problem. What we will be talking about
how we are doing intraodality u issues.
So this is consider that like a video we
have a big video and then uh suddenly
you are seeing something some ad agenda
some political things or something out
there which shouldn't be there in the
video as when you clicked on it. So how
do we actually look into the small
segments of the uh video understand this
problem and figure out where there is an
anomaly or kind of like adversarial
behavior out there which shouldn't be
there in the first place. So this is the
first problem which requires a lot of
granular understanding vision
understanding and a video understanding
to see what is happening at a very clip
and a very frame level. The second
problem is uh to understand the
unoriginal content. In today's economy
with the AI tools available, it's really
easy to actually duplicate the content.
When someone uh upload a video or
something, we see that okay, it is being
copied, it is being transformed and with
tools, it is getting much easier to
transform these videos. U so how do we
actually detect this kind of unoriginal
content? How do we figure out the source
of the video? And um this has actually
caused a problem in attribution credit u
ecosystem imbalance and lot of like user
fatigue where we are seeing a lot of
repetitive videos which shouldn't be
there in the first place. So uh coming
to the multi- aent system uh the first
thing is that uh why we are going to
multi-agent not a single agent or single
lenm because the problem is really
complex. It requires a really
specialized uh nodes and uh kind of like
an understanding at each part of
retrieval content understanding and then
reasoning and if you can solve a problem
with one agent one LLM you we don't need
to actually do it on multi- aent
systems. So this is where the
centralized brain how we are actually
thinking kind of like how the uh
decomposition happens of this problem.
The first is basically you have a video
and kind of like a clip video ID and
everything given to a reviewer agent.
This is a centralized agent. This is
basically the orchestrator. Consider
that as an API gateway of uh doing a
sing signal decomposition and finding
what is happening around in the image.
So what this guy do is basically this
guy takes ask the perceiver agent and
perceiver agent is the one which is
basically considered that a very
sophisticated VLM expert with lot of
image and the video tools at uh
disposal. Uh perceiver agent will take
the ID from the retriever reviewer agent
and it fetches the video from the
database. It decomposes into smaller
parts using different tools, different
like semantic embeddings and different
kind of like temporal change that
happens which is a little bit beyond our
scope but of this talk but it's uh a
technique which is making sure that we
are not doing at a fixed frame rate but
we are finding where the temporal change
happen and compressing those similar
frames into one or two frames and then
the perceiver agent get all the data
from a clip level. The video embedding
level get all the information about a
clip embedding tags OCR whatever is
present out there what is the natural
language description and what are the
time stamp from which frame to which
frame what are those this metadata looks
like it gives that data to the reviewer
reviewer will look into all the temporal
this JSON object provided by the uh
perceiver agent in a raw form along with
embeddings along with semantic ids tags
OCR and everything and it does a
temporal analysis it looks into okay you
know for from first frame to frame or
frame number 360 or like till 6 second
it was a video talking about a sports
and suddenly we are seeing from 6 second
to 6.5 second or frame number this to
this we are seeing that like this is
changing into some political thing. So
just by looking into the metadata the
reviewer agent is able to understand
comprehend and figure out what exactly
is the anomaly coming in the this
temporal space and once it do that it
figures out whether this is actually a
modality misalignment or there is some
bigger issue out there on there. So
review agent will look and talk to the
retriever agent and it tells that hey
this is the video I'm looking into.
These are the some of the metadata that
I have already uh kind of like ddup and
kind of like post-processed. Now give me
some understanding of this similar clips
which are available in the corpus. So
retriever agent will look into all the
signals provided by perceiver agent. All
the metadata of a clip level and a whole
video level and index it into different
databases adaptively. For example the
topics has to be maybe like a inverted
index where we have topics and a lot of
videos. For the embedding it will be a
vector databases which is available out
there. And for different kind of
entities which I've extracted we have a
graph databases kind of like where you
review your agent will figure out okay
these are the multiple databases these
are the entities and these are the
metadata let me index it so that in the
online inference time I can figure out
for a particular clip what are the
similar clips what are the similar
entities and topics which are available
to fetch and improve the recall.
So going into individual agent we talked
about perceiver it looked into the
entire video do a temporal decomposition
into small clips based on the semantic
embedding and couple of algorithms and
it fine-tuned the VLM to actually emit
all the real uh concrete and a very um
granular information about like each
clips and the entire video. Uh because
we are dealing at a very big scale that
means we cannot just go with the
standard VLM which are out there. There
has to be a compression. There has to be
a cost effective way to actually serve
this these models to do it at like
billions of frames. That's where we are
getting into the pre-training
fine-tuning and knowledge distillation
quantization to actually deploy and
solve the very very specialized VLM
based on this particular problem and we
will be talking a little bit brief about
that. U the retriever agent is the one
which we talked at a very high level and
then what it does in an offline
processing is that all the signal which
is decomposed by the perceiver agent in
an offline fashion consider that rather
an agent you are actually taking that
library and doing an offline analysis on
a big scale let's say ray cluster or
something like that and then once you
have all those metadata it is basically
indexing it into different databases
doing an uh periodic offline clustering
and finding what are the similar content
what should be the embedding ID what
should be cluster ID for each clips and
entire video. So that is a data which is
basically used by online inference to
find similar videos and in online manner
it given a query a clip ID and every all
the metadata details it's figured out
what is out there in the corpus which
this guy has is similar to what like
what are the different things which has
a high similarity. So what it does it
looks into databases is it find similar
clips and like similar authors and
different other metadata information
rerank those candidates find uh and use
some of the tools about like for example
the traditional model span score like a
classifier score to see what are the
different candidates which might be spam
which might not be high quality and
those things out there and once it has
those top end candidates is give back it
to the reviewer and reviewer is where it
actually process this is my main content
signals and clip embeddings These are a
similar video which is given by
retriever. Let me think over it and
whether I need to retraate and get more
data from retriever. So uh that's where
reviewer have all the temporal signals
from a single clip. It has all the
information of similar clips
understanding and what is similar
authors and other thing. It also has a
realtime information about how the users
are actually interacting with this
video. What are the different kind of
like a reports or like likes, dislike,
the comments? what is the u sentiment of
those comments out there right so a lot
of these signals which are actually
missed by the offline uh signals and the
VLMs and other kind of agents are
actually also incorporated to see if
there is a change happen in the
sentiment what is the response I'm
getting in the real time so there are
different tools available for this to
actually understand the video not just
from the content and from the semantic
perspective but understanding from the
user interaction perspective those
signals are really really important
So once we have this judge and
everything we build this uh agentic
framework and each of these agentic
frameworks uh all all these three agents
are actually powered by specialized uh
VLMs and small scale VLMs in a way. So
we will be talking about uh pre-training
first. Now uh in most of the cases you
see that okay you have a pre-training
you fine-tune your vision transform a
little bit here and there and basically
tune it for your specific purpose.
Uh the thing is that these VLMs what we
have outside and available the
foundational model the front end models
they are trained on a very clean very
nice data set very web data which is
very well tuned cleaned and everything
but uh data inhouse for a specific
purpose is not having the same data
characteristics. It's it is messy. It is
generated by users. It is for your
specific workflow. That means you need
to pre-train on those image tokens and
language to fine-tune your vision
transformer from scratch and see whether
there is a delta in fine-tuning it and
tuning it from the scratch. That's where
the pre-training is helpful. It's little
expensive but um it if if it can get a
delta that that actually works really
well. The second is instruction
fine-tuning where we have the two
problems. We have a certain policies and
certain guidelines. We know the content
out there, signal out there and it
understand and tune it on that
particular data set with it with a
particular output which is schema like a
JSON schema to understand what is the
modality uh misalignment or duplication
of scores and other chain of thought
reasoning provided by reviewer agent. So
here we have a video clip we have a
vision encoder which we are already
pre-trained a little bit like now we are
doing a little bit more training on
that. There's a projector which is
sitting between the vision transformer
and the L language models and it is
actually basically a bridge between them
and then we have our output depending on
what is the instruction finetuning data
we have on this side. So this is the
critical part of actually making your uh
model performance like go up for your
domain specific. So uh the context is
basically you have a role, you have a
policy, what are the tools available to
ground that into some of the metadata or
and what are the other things available
out there give it entire things into uh
in in a very brief manner into the
context and let it figure out like what
the structured label you have for these
labels are actually in-house label.
These are the one where we have created
like what exactly modality things are,
what are the different uh issues we are
seeing, what are the different chain of
thought reasoning there should be there
in the model and how does the output
looks like for a human reviewer. So this
is like a very high quality data data
set that we are fine-tuning it on for
different agents. Right? So once we have
done with the pre-training just to
understand the vision aspect of or the
other modality aspects of the videos
then we go into the finetuning to make
it understand and provide the context
and the output in the manner that we
would want to actually process the data
set on. So u the next phase is the DPO
phase where uh which is basically this
technique is used a lot in the uh post-
training to actually fine-tune our
models into a specific uh like realm
domain policy understanding or
something. But this can also be used a
lot in the prediction for actually
understanding what are the samples which
are actually getting uh not so good by
the by your multi-ent systems and by
your u llms. So what uh can be done is
that like uh you have this uh production
data set which is coming out you have a
lot of inference happening you take a
subsample of these uh data which is from
the production you pass it through LLM
as a judge which is trained inhouse on
the human label data set and then you
have the human review Q to see what is
the performance coming up on on the
actual system. Once you have this thing
if your performance is coming amazing
and it is above like your whatever is
the prediction threshold you have 95%
for each of the problem it's great but
if it is not that means there is a way
there has to be a way to loan on these
samples where the model did not do well
that's where you have a human in the
queue it understand those all the traces
which is there from all the agents the
LLM call MCP and it figured out where
the problem happened is it like a chain
of thought reasoning or is it like some
of the wrong tool tools are called the
retrieval did not work. So that entire
validations and basically understanding
of each and every hook and node both at
a model intelligence level plus at a
harness level is what you figure out and
say that okay these are the improvement
that we I need to do on these samples
which was incorrectly um sampled by our
um system. So once you have this thing
you have a positive sample negative
sample what needs to be updated and
that's where you retrain your model to
see what uh how can we improve it better
and this is the continuous improvement
where we are looking into these samples
reiterating re um improving the models
and having a new data set out there from
the production u like samples and trying
to understand whether the drift happen
or what exactly the model is doing. So
this human in the loop is like always a
continuous thing where you have a daily
sampling from the production and trying
to understand like how the model and the
L&M as a judge are doing.
So uh because of the cost and ability to
solve at this scale we cannot go with
the standard like a like a VLM models
from frontier sizes because it's not
scalable. It requires a lot of
inference. It's a lot of complexity and
we are solving a very specific problem
like I really don't care if the model
can solve a coding problem. I only care
about my domain specific problem. That
is all I care. This is not exposed to
the customer. This is an internal thing.
So I would actually do a off policy and
on policy knowledge distillation and do
a little bit of quantizations depending
on like some experimentation
quantization to understand whether a
forbit work braining float what actually
work really well. Then I would have a
table of different sizes of
distillations and quantization and
understand and see where exactly is my
performance like up to the mark and
where I'm gaining a lot of compute and
the cost resources um savings from on
inference production by doing these
optimization. So this is really critical
because as a problem what we have solved
it's all good but in production it has
to be scalable. It has to be cost
effective. It cannot just be like
something which is um out of the um
which is just out in the market because
we are solving a very specific problem
out here. Coming back to the evaluation
basically first is the task of success.
Of course these are the binary things
the modality happen it does not happen
like there is alignment or disalignment.
So precision, recall, F1 are obvious
metrics to understand what the task is
success is. But we want to look at a
system in a very holistic manner. Not
just like the end goal but what is
happening at each nodes. How well like
the retrieval system is working. What is
the latency and recall of the system and
how well we are able to reason it? What
is the chain of thought reasoning coming
from these models at each agentic level
or wherever the its reasonings are
applicable which is basically a reviewer
agent in our case. And what is the
quality of that? Is it like
overthinking? Can we reduce a budget
somewhere like to make sure that like
the models is actually doing a good job
with less uh budget or can we increase
it the budget of the planning or the
reasoning things to have it a higher
budget and make sure that the complex
problem that we are solving is maybe
having a much higher performance and
accuracy. So having an adaptive adaptive
reasoning budgeting is also uh quite
important. And then we have the
robustness. what are the edge cases we
are seeing? Uh what are the error rates
we are having? What are the different
nodes and hooks where they are
happening? Is it like a tool call is not
working really well? It's a retrieval
part or LLM is not doing a good job
where or those kind of thing. And then
we have a system efficiency where we are
not looking uh just at the performance
of the output and everything but we are
looking at each and every aspects of the
token cost which LLM are calling can you
optimize LLM little bit more to actually
save the cost. What is the efficiency
which is we are saying and the latency
of each agents and the entire system
combined together. Then we have a LLM as
a judge where we see that like in any of
the prediction system there is always a
data drift happening especially when you
have the user generated content. So how
our LLM as a judge which is used for
evaluation and everything is doing with
respect to the human queue. Is there a
drift happening? Do we need to retrain
our LLM as a judge on new data set which
is coming from labeling team or how do
we actually do on those parts in
optimization? We have the spatial
temporal reduction optimization which
actually look into the frame which are
similar and just compress them into the
one aspect. This reduces the total
processing of the videos by a huge
extent. The second one is basically you
have a caching you have a viral content
which is basically coming up and you do
not want to have the same content out
there which is doing going through the
entire pipeline and that's where you
have a high similarity score and just
skip the multi- aent system and just
make a call on that. The third one which
is really important is the metadata
pruning. This is where we actually
shrink the space from lot of candidates
based on some of the metadata. For
example, some topics and some creator
which already have a really good record.
That means we really don't need to
process these all these images all all
the videos from the creator which has a
really good high authenticity score
which are really doing really well on
this where the video quality is really
high engagement is good those kind of
things. A metadata is something which
can be used to filter out the video
which shouldn't even go to the systems.
So some of these flags u would be
helpful. Um so the last takeaway that u
u we basically we can take out of this
room is that like decomposition t is a
key. Uh decompose uh a problem as and
when necessary. Adaptive optimization is
really important for uh ROI and cost
feasibility. Good evaluation is
paramount. Everything in and out depends
on this. This is the foundation of your
entire system and entire VLMs and
production monitoring and qualitative
improvement are really essential to make
sure this is sustainable in long term.
With that, I'll end it and thank you
very much for listening. Thank
[applause]
