UP主：AI Engineer
标题：The Dark Arts of Skill Engineering — Paul Bakaus, Renaissance Geek (Impeccable)
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQMCtZX3trg

Hello everybody.
How's it going?
Okay, I think we still have some people
trickling in, but
I'm super excited to be here.
Okay, first off, let me reload these
slides because my claw code was still
building something on it.
Um, okay. So, the contrast is a little
bit low. Um, so please bear with me. I'm
going to try to cover uh what you cannot
read as much as possible. Uh, I also
have heard that the Wi-Fi is not the
strongest. So um while it is a workshop
uh hopefully you just do take away a lot
of the lessons um and then can apply it
whenever you want to. Um but I do have a
sample repo if you want to follow along.
Um okay first of all hi my name is Paul.
Um I'm really glad you found your way
into this room. Um I'm the author of
Impeccable. Who here has used Impeccable
by any chance? Can I see some hands?
Okay, a few people. Nice. Um, so for
those of you who have not used
Impeccable, Impeccable is a skill that
I've built for myself mainly. Um, I've
built this large enterprise app uh over
the last year and it has like lots of
different views, states, whatever. Um,
and I wanted to design really quickly
with my agents with codecs with claw.
But I noticed that uh even though it
gets me quickly to something that I can
look at, normalizing it back to the
design system was really really
challenging. So the first skill that
I've built for myself was called
normalize and it kind of like brought it
brought whatever claw designed back to
the design system. That's how I started
and I also used Anthropics funed design
skill like maybe many of you um when I
first got going and from there on it
kind of expanded into more and more
design skills that allowed me to turn
clawed code and then codecs and other
harnesses more into a design harness. Um
at some point I decided maybe other
people might find uh um might find this
useful as well. So I open sourced it as
open source skill uh released it and it
turns out a lot of you liked it. Um so
if you haven't checked it out yet um uh
yeah give it a go. Uh it's on
impeccable.style.
Um but today won't be a talk about
impeccable per se. It will be about what
I learned from making these skills
because it kind of escalated. It started
with like a simple prompt and then uh
went all the way to what it is today.
Um, a lot of people have looked at the
code of Impeccable and they see like a
whole bunch of scripts in the scripts
folder and they're like, "What is all
this stuff?" And so, um, I wanted to
share some of my knowledge that I've
gained with you. So, let's get into it.
Uh, let's talk about the dark arts of
skill engineering.
[panting]
Okay.
Um
yeah, the production value of this talk
is out of this roof. Um okay, so first
of all, you've all seen this kind of
design. Um this is actually a real
design uh built with uh the front end
design skill uh and clawed code. Um and
you probably all have seen a design like
this. This is for like a fake kids
reader, iPad reader app. Um you have
italic serif. Uh you have like some
capitalized
uh hero. Um, and you have like a eyebrow
text, like a kicker, whatever you want
to call it. The top of it, like a weird
label. Um, you have beige, I call it
claw beige, claw beige, uh, backgrounds.
Um, and now it's not necessarily a bad
design, right? But I think you all can
point this out and say like, well, this
is clearly AI generated. It's clearly
slop. Um, and it turns out slop is a
moving target. Um you've all seen you
might have thinking might have been
thinking of slop as purple gradients but
uh we've kind of moved on since that uh
into cloud beige.
Um okay so this is where I started. I
started with a system prompt and a
prayer basically. Um, so I I started
using the front end design skill uh like
many of you and it's like 55 lines of
named bands. Uh, no scripts, no routing,
pure pros, right? Uh, and you just hope
for the best. Um, that sometimes worked
and sometime and most of the time it
didn't. So, um, for example, I'm just
going to read some of this. So, um, if I
mean maybe it's really readable, I don't
know. Um but for example in the font and
design skill you have sentences like
never use generic AI aesthetics overused
fonts like inter robboto arial system
fonts um or cliched color schemes
particularly purple gradients and white
backgrounds uh never converge on common
choices like space grotesque for example
um now there are two problems with this
approach the first one it over applies
and then a ban just relocates the model
to the next cluster and I'll show you
why this is a problem a a little bit
further down the road. But really, you
tell it not to use in, it just uses the
next best font it finds in its latent
space. And so it doesn't actually make
it more creative. It just, again, this
is why I said slop is a moving target.
It kind of picks the next best thing.
Um, I have uh learned my lesson here um
the hard way because uh I don't know if
you noticed, but the reason why we got
purple gradients in the first place is
because of Tailwind. Taywin's default
sample pages theme whatever was purple.
Um well it turns out I've turned the web
orange before many years before that. I
created a framework called jQuery UI and
the first default theme of jQuery UI was
orange. So overnight I call it the web
orange. I thought people would modify
the theme but now they didn't. Um so I
learned my lesson. Um okay the median is
the model's gravity. Even 250 lines of
like artisal, crafted, beautiful skill
pros cannot change this. It's just not
enough. It doesn't help enough, right?
It's nowhere near enough. Um, and I
learned this the hard way and hopefully
you don't have to. Um, my overall thesis
for this talk is that prompting is sort
of like the starter level, but harness
engineering is where you should end up.
Like you should reframe when you're
building skills. You should think about
okay skills the same way as MCP is an
extension to the coding harness or
whatever harness you're in. Uh it's not
just a prompt that you package it's
something more than that or you should
at least conceptually think about it
more than that. It is extending the
harness of whoever is using that thing.
Uh and it also has more capabilities as
just prompting. Uh and when I thought
about that way it sort of like clicked
for me. uh prompting is a spell
harnessing the magic and we'll talk
about nine different dark arts today
that I learned uh in the process of
building impeccable
um we'll make uh sub agents argue with
each other uh we'll talk about how to
force divergence as opposed to
convergence routing like a model um and
basic you've seen this probably um most
modern models are mixture of expert
architectures and impeccable is built
like a mixture of expert skill. Um, we
we give them memory. We'll create
scripts that talk back and I I promise
this will make sense. Uh, hooks that
fight back live wire the browser and use
more of the harness. Compile to every
harness and design for the weakest
model. Let's get into it. Number one,
made it make it argue. So if you're
building something like a critique skill
or code review skill, um here's one huge
issue. Uh if you are I mean you probably
noticed this when you're working with
claw code or codeex doesn't matter, but
if you ask codeex or claw code to review
its own work, it will usually rate it as
very high. It's like I mean like I've
built this, I've done a great job,
right? Like it's like grading your own
homework. Doesn't make any sense, right?
um it anchors on what it already
created. Um now that's not great. Um
what can you do in order to solve this?
Well, you can make a model argue with
another model, right? Adversarial
prompting is also called. So you have
two sub agents and they never see each
other's work.
And here's why this matters. So in
Impeccable, there's a critique command
that actually critiques your design. And
you can point it to your landing page.
You can point it to anything. And there
are two particular failure scenarios.
The first one, and this is almost
impossible to read, so I'll explain it.
The first one is um a strong page,
right? So, it's a really good-look page,
but there's a whole bunch of maybe like
uh deterministic errors. And impeccable
actually has a deterministic engine like
a design llin llin llin llin llin llin
llin llin llin llinter that can detect
things like bad contrast can detect
things like you know too many fonts um
you know maybe things that are too close
to the edge of an element so it detects
some of I would say polish issues um but
you could have this really beautiful
website and then the detector runs and
it's doing that as part of the same
skill and the same model thread and then
the model uh just sees the detector
output and say like well I guess there's
500 issues therefore this design must be
bad. Now that's one. The other one is
the opposite. The other one is it's
actually a really terrible page or maybe
like an empty page but there are no
detected issues by the by the
deterministic detector. So the model is
like we didn't find any issues so this
must be great design. So both of those
are not amazing. Uh what you want is and
this is what uh impeccable critique
skill does it uh it kind of combines two
things. It spawns two sub agents and
they are blind to each other. Um and
that's how you get to a balance
critique. So the first sub agent um does
um
um act like a design director. So it's
an L&M um that acts like a design
director. And so um it looks for
hierarchy, it looks for slop, it looks
for uristics. And so it does a critique
the way a human would with the browser
tools that are you that are available to
it. The second sub agent runs
determinist deterministic detector and
also collects browser evidence. And then
once both of those results come in,
the main thread synthesizes both into
one into one critique and that produces
a much more balanced result. And before
I go on, um, I realized I actually have
not, uh, have not shown you where the
sample repo of this lives. So, let me
bring this up real quick. Um, if you
want to clone this and you have a decent
enough internet connection, go ahead if
you like. Um, so this is, um, uh, PBA
Aus/impeccable
miners talks. Um the talk lives here but
also in the dark arts folder there is a
starter folder uh and a demos folder.
Demos
uh has a pretty average median page that
you can manipulate. Um and then uh in
the starter kit you have enough to build
sort of a a mini impeccable if you want
to if you want to follow along or or try
it out yourself. And so as part of this
um there's a troy here too. Uh you'll
you'll follow along sort of the
checkpoints the dark arts and build
something yourself. I would suggest you
know if you like to multitask great. Um
you can apply this by the way to
anything. You can do like a code review
thing. You can do um it doesn't have to
be the design skill. Um but I wanted to
have something for you to play.
Uh back to the deck.
So two blind opinions beat one confident
guess. Um you can use this again I
already said code review design review
but also security audits once is a good
example. Uh or a plan creating a really
good plan RFC critique where you have
multiple LLM judges argue with each
other before it gets good or ranking
outputs is a good good example.
Now, here's the problem, though.
Codeex, why why you don't let me do
this? It's bad. Uh, it turns out a
Codeex never created these sub agents
when I first tried this. Um, and I bang
my head against the wall. I'm like, why
is this? It turns out Codex has a
different permission model than claude
code and other harnesses. In codeex,
you have to explicitly as a user request
the use of sub aents for anything in the
harness to use sub aents. So if you're
distributing a skill, you're out of
luck. The only way to make this work as
far as I know today is to actually tell
the model, okay, if you have sub agents
capabilities, but you do not have
permission, please stop right here and
ask the user. And so that's pretty much
the only way you can get codecs to
comply. So in impeccable um if you see
something that you know makes you go huh
um it's probably because of that like
you know through um lots and lots of
issues that people filed and um a lot of
testing on on my end also um a lot of
this obscure knowledge got into the
skills so that it works truly across
harnesses. Um for instance here you see
kind of pseudo code of how this would
work. And then also I uh this is another
really important thing. Uh very often
if codeex realizes it can get away with
something
it will do it. So um if there is no
punishment for not spawning sub agents
it will simply not spawn them. It's like
well this is the easier route. I will
take this easier route. So what you have
to say is actually if you cannot use sub
agents you must say that you are giving
the user a degraded experience and
codeex hates that
so use that to your advantage.
Um so um you can watch them argue. Um
now I did not pre-record an actual
example here because I'm like let's do
it live. Um, so we're going to go into
cursor
and
um I'm going to do like
critique
and let's hopefully it'll work. I don't
know if composer sponsor sub agents uh
well enough but let's see
uh composer by the way if you haven't
used it is a really fast well balanced
model so it's kind of uh kind of neat
for for work that you want to show on
stage in particular um
okay so now it's doing something here
Um,
okay. This this repository I think has
an old version of packable doesn't
sponsor agents. I see this is the
unfortunate. Well, maybe it does.
I'm not sure if it did or not, but I at
least want to show you what the type of
critique looks like.
Uh, all right. Now it's asking me a
bunch of questions of what I actually
want to create. I'm going to skip this.
Uh, and now I get a design critique um
on what's working, what the priorities
issues are, persona red flags. Now the
actual thing that I wanted to show you
unfortunately couldn't be seen in this
particular thread but we can come back
to it. Um if you run this in in cloud
code or codeex on the most recent
version you should very clearly see I
mean in cloud code it's very easy to see
the sub aents running and doing its
work. So it will spin up two sub agents
and you see it at the bottom of the
cloud code thread uh doing its thing.
Okay level number two uh our Ben just
moves the problem. We talked about this
already. Um, you ban enter into the
model graphs graph space grotesque. How
do you solve that? How do you force
divergence? Well, a ban only moves the
model around inside its own cluster. And
what I've built for impeccable and for a
bunch of other skills that I've released
is what I call an anti-attractor.
Uh, and the anti-attractor works by
creating a random seed of sorts. And
that can come from user input or it can
come from a script that it can run that
produces something that is completely
unexpected to the model because that's
what you want. And so in this case for
instance it would be font selection and
instead of selecting this save next step
prediction font it went into a
completely different space through a
different seat. Uh there are three
techniques that you know are easy to
hard and work differently. The first one
um is is something you can do right
right now. It's the most simple one and
it's to shave the save pics. So
basically tell the model, okay, name
your top three fonts and then the model
is like okay I got the top three fonts
and then you're like now throw them
away.
And like but why? Um but then you
basically shave shaved off the uh the
next token uh that is predicted. Um and
you do that three times and then now you
get to a different space of the uh like
a further away in the latent space right
um now that's doable but now at some
point you still get convergence so this
is just you know a limited technique the
second technique is to generate a lot of
different things and then have a sub
agent rank I've done this for a shader
library that I've created called radiant
shaders and um the goal here was to
create around a hundred different
shaders
And the problem is every time I I would
say you know create a new shader or
create ideas for 10 new shaders I would
get the same repeating ideas.
I solved this with two in two different
ways. The first one is I created
something unexpected a random seed a
creative seed. In this case I used
celebrities. I said like well what would
Ryana look like as a shader um or what
would Beyonce look like as a shader? And
um and then the model was like let me
think about that. So that's the first
thing and then I said well generate a
hundred of these ideas and then spawn a
sub agent that ranks all of those ideas
uh and that's important. It has to be a
sub agent because the sub agent doesn't
know anything uh from the prior context
of the session um and uh and can then
completely change the order. The third
one is to create a random seat from a
script. So in impeccable for example
when you first start a project it calls
a script called color.js JS and color.js
has um over a 100 hand selected
uh they're not complete color pallets
but they are primary colors and they're
kind of like a starting point of a
palette and it reads that and then the
model uses that as a creative spark to
build a pallet around it for you. You
can still say you I don't like this. I
mean I don't like what it proposed but
it it turns it into a different
direction. So those are all ways to
create divergence
and when you design something with
impeccable the same brief depending on
the users's input and you know color
script that runs etc can produce vastly
different results because of that
because I didn't want to have the whole
internet look like uh everything else.
Number three
um here's the problem. If you cram every
everything into one skill, it kind of
blurs them. The instruction following
becomes not very good enough anymore. So
if you're building some general purpose
skill and you expand it and expand it
and expand it, at some point uh it
becomes really really blurry to the
model. Um here's a concrete example of
this. the anthopic front end design
skill. Uh the former version of it, they
just shipped a new version three weeks
ago, but the former version had a line
that I read earlier that says avoid
system fonts. That's okay for landing
page design. But for product UI, oftent
times you want it to feel as native as
possible. So system fonts are actually
the thing that you want. So how do you
solve this? Um you can say I mean you
have like this giant if else block in a
skill. say like, well, if the user wants
a landing page, do this. If the user
wants a product, do this. But that
becomes really convoluted, wastes a lot
of tokens, and uh honestly doesn't work
very well. So, impeccable started as a
lot of different subs skills and now has
this um mixture of experts model that
routes internally um both in terms of uh
capabilities. So you can call impeccable
critique or impeccable polish and you
get a different MD file loaded behind
the scenes for that particular job. So
it's not just one giant skill MD. Um,
but also, and this is something not a
lot of people know, behind the scenes,
Impeccable decides based on your brief
and what you input whether you're trying
to design something brandandy, so like a
landing page or something that wants to
attract attention or whether it's the
actual product that you're designing.
So, it switches registers and then loads
completely different rules for those two
registers because product design and
brand design are very very different.
Um, so that's also something that I
would recommend you doing if you're
building a larger scope. This works for
bu big multi-tool skills, works for
context on demand type of skills, uh,
per audience behavior, agent toolkits,
that kind of thing.
Number four,
everyone starts from zero. Skills by
default don't have long-term memory. Uh,
they don't really compound over time,
but you can make it so. So um you have a
skill folder and you can save things in
that skill folder. In fact in claude you
even have an environment variable that
uh resolves to the actual directory uh
that you can save things in which is
nice. No other harness supports this
right now I believe. Um but you can you
can hack around that. Impeccable uses a
impeccable folder in the current
repository route. Um, but you can also
save things directly in the skill
folder. Um, and maybe ask the user to
ignore them. Uh, how could this work?
So, for example, if you're running a
critique in impeccable, that critique is
saved as a file in that folder and by
default it's get ignored. But then if
you then later on say, well, okay, I
just ran a critique. I'd like to polish
my page. Even if you do it in another
session, it actually uses that prior
critique as a signal to understand what
have we found out about this page and it
can look at all prior critiques and see
sort of the progression of the page. Uh
for example, you could have said in one
of the critiques, you know, I don't
agree with this critique. I don't think
you're right and I think I really like
my instrument fonts. Um and then the
model would be like, okay, no problem.
I'm gonna mark this for later. And the
skill is now smart enough. the skill has
uh built context to realize okay well
that's the user preference so I'm going
to respect it going forward um so
compound engineering um really uh is an
interesting theme for skills as well you
can make skills aware of prior sessions
with that technique
um so make the runs compound this works
really well for resumable gradients uh
resumable agents progress tracking u
multi session refactors migrations that
kind of thing Um uh for instance, one of
the things that I do all the time is
refactor my code. And um how do I do
that? By having a sort of like a skill
that spawns itself across multiple
sessions and tackles one file at a time.
So I basically tell it, okay, here's
your TSX file or whatever um for today's
session. um and now refactor everything
around this file and linking into that
file and and then it sort of builds up
context over time until it's completely
finished with the whole codebase.
Okay, number five.
Uh buried rules get skimmed. We talked a
bit about this before, but this is a
little bit of a different point I'm
trying to make. Um
now especially with weaker models and
now if you're building a skill for
yourself and you're only running opus or
you're only running codecs u this isn't
that that big of an issue right you you
know which model you run uh you know if
it works with GPD55 for example uh I'm
good because that's the only model I use
now if you want to distribute your skill
to lots of users uh this is where things
get kind of hairy because some of those
users might be running on it. Some of
them might be running Haiku. Some of
them might be running Grock. I don't
know. Um uh some of them might be
running Gemini. You know, you never
know. Uh sometimes I meet somebody who
does. Um but um
uh really that's where it gets
complicated, right? Um because you need
to build for the lowest common
denominator and ideally for the for the
one model that is the weakest as at
instruction following. For example, GPD5
mini is not a very good rule follower.
Uh there are things even in impeccable
that don't work with GPD5 mini. Um it
consistently doesn't load certain MD
files that I thought it uh it
consistently doesn't spin up the life
mode. So there are uh boundaries to
instruction following across these
models and it gets especially bad with
longer skills that have lots of rules.
So how do you work around this?
Well, in impeccable, impeccable really
is kind of bionic of sorts. It's really
not just pros. It is a combination of
scripts that run in line within the
skill at certain times. Uh, and then
pros around it. For example, every time
you call impeccable, it runs a file
called context. MJS. And the context MJS
does a couple of things. The first thing
is uh if there is a product MD which is
impeccables
uh it's almost like design MD but it is
for product strategy. So wants to
understand who's the target audience or
what do you want to achieve with this
thing which is oftentimes more important
in a in a design interview than you know
how how round do you want your borders
to be. Um but it supports both. It
supports product MD and design MD and by
default context M.JS JS brings these
files together and then spits them into
the session. Now that's not exciting.
But when those files are not available,
it will actually give the uh the skill
structured JSON and say like by the way
there is no product MD and here's
exactly what you should do about it. Or
here's another thing that context MJS
does. It actually makes impeccable self
update if there's a new version of
impeccable now with your permission. So
we will it will ask you but it will say
hey by the way there's an update
available for the impeccable skill uh
and here's what you should do now to ask
the user whether whether they want to
update impeccable. So it's it's
overloaded in many ways um and it will
always tell the model the exact
instructions on what to do next. And the
really interesting thing about this is
that I found that that works
significantly better than some random
rule in the pros of the main scope. when
you put something out uh from the exit
value uh from the standard out of a
script uh somehow the model will follow
it a lot uh more than before. Uh so that
could be environment uh aware setup
dynamic onboarding repo state gating
adaptive flows anything really. Um
actually before I end this session one
of the shortcomings of this technique
and this is something to be aware of is
prompt caching. So this works super
super well to keep a skill uh sort of
like you know flowing in the right
direction instruction following but it
does so at the expense of prompt
caching. Um, if you need prompt caching,
if you run the skill many many times,
uh, and you want the whole thing to be
cached, this is not a good technique to
use, but I found it to be very useful in
really interactive scenarios.
All right,
number six, hooks that fight back. It's
something I shipped quite recently and
um, and I really like it. I want to show
you what I mean by that. Um,
so a lot of people have impeccable their
systems, but sometimes they forget to
run it. Sometimes they're like, you
know, I don't know. I mean, I mean, I
wish Codex is actually pretty good. Some
of the harnesses are pretty good
consistently looping in the right skill.
Um, but because it now bundles as one
skill, oftent times, uh, the harnesses
forget to simply call impeccable when
you don't explicitly mention it. So, now
you're building some front-end code and
maybe it doesn't follow your design
system or whatever. Um
now that can be solved with hooks. Who
who has used hooks before in cloud code
or codeex?
A few people. Okay, nice. Um so
this skill that I've built here,
Impeccable ships design hooks. So I've
basically built a design lint that runs
under the hood and ships with the skill.
When you install impeccable uh these
hooks install into cloud code, cursor um
codeex and github copilot uh and they
will keep the model uh exactly where it
needs to be. So the hooks come to you.
It's a guardrail that fires on every
edit. Um and um
there are some there are some
differences between the different
providers here. So the hook syntax for
codex and clot code is not the same. Um
and also the behavior is not the same.
So for instance we found out that with
weaker models slightly weaker models
like composer and cursor. Uh you kind of
want to use a um pre-tool use hook that
prevents writing of code as opposed to a
post tool use hook. Post tool use
basically happens right after the agent
has written a file for example and then
it it tells you hey by the way like the
contrast of these colors is bad or um
you know you have a purple gradient in
here and then ideally the model is smart
enough to actually fix it. Um some
models don't follow those instructions
very well and so if you do a pre-tool
who use hook you are actively preventing
the writing of this file in the first
place. So, it's a much more heavy-handed
approach, but we needed to do that for
certain models and certain hardnesses.
Um, but this is nice and what's even
nicer about it is that you can
personalize it to your design system and
your use case or whether let's say you
use it for code reviews. You can
personalize it with your own ESLint
rules uh with your own uh synthetic
syntax guidelines etc. uh and then
expand it from there.
Um, so passive guardrails
beat a command no one remembers to run.
Um, so these are passive guardrails that
always keep you in the right lane uh on
track. Again, that works for linting for
formatting. Um, of course, if you're
using cloud code or codeex, it already
uses uh some of the llinters for things
like syntax formatting, but design
linting is a whole different uh game.
But I would really encourage you to uh
try out hooks in combination with a
skill and think about okay well my skill
does this how can I create a feedback
loop a validation loop that uses hooks
uh to actually keep me on the right
lane.
Um
okay so here's it's hard to show loop uh
hooks in action but um you know if you
can see this this is roughly how it
would happen in an agent. Um so uh for
instance in this case I would use let's
say Gemini does this all the time.
Gemini uh creates animations on images
like crazy. Um it will animate any image
and it will usually do a hover zoom in
effect. Um it loves that. Um and that's
something that impeccable flags. And in
this case it the hook would fire
silently usually that's why I built this
fake demo because you can't usually see
it. Um, and then it will tell the model,
hey, by the way, here was a violation.
The experience of this is that
oftentimes you don't have to do
anything. The model just course corrects
and fixes itself. Um, now one important
thing if you do this and you ship it to
users, very important to add a way to
create ignore rules or something like
that because oftent times these hooks
have false positives as well and you
want a way to configure those hooks. Um,
otherwise gets really annoying very
quickly. Um, impeccable ships with these
design hooks that uh allow you to create
ignore rules at a file basis within a
CSS rule. So like many granular levels
uh to exclude certain files for example.
Okay, level seven.
Now you can't really tune pixels through
a chat box. Uh now this might not be
relevant if you're not building a design
skill, but I think the general point is
relevant. So if you think about a skill
as harness engineering versus prompting
then you think about the harness as a
whole right you're living in cloud code
for example or you're living in codeex
or you're living in github copilot now
what capabilities of that harness that
you can exploit to make the best user
experience for your use case that's the
question you should ask yourself for
example
uh uh codeex on desktop now has an inapp
browser built into the the actual um uh
app. Can you use this inapp browser in
some interesting ways? Can you use the
browser screenshot tool in some
interesting ways? Uh and in my case, I
could. I realized, hey, there's probably
a way to connect the inapp browser uh
and spin up the development server and
just load the page there and then kind
of connect it to the main thread in some
ways. So I can allow the user to
visually iterate on that page
um instead of in the chat. Um
and so in Impeccable what this looks
like is uh it's not using MCP. Um it's
simply spinning up a live polar a little
server that uh looks for input and in
inserts a snippet into your development
server. Um it then on the page when you
do something on the page it sends an
event back to that actual polar uh using
uh serverside events and then uh and
this is I think the the the clever bit
maybe or the the bit that makes it all
work. Um the polar then stops. So the
polar uh ends itself. There's a standard
out message. We talked about standard
out before, right? the exit value of
this thing and
uh the model reads that message and
realizes oh something happened I better
do something. So in this case in the
skill itself I give it instructions on
how to handle this event. I say like
well if this event comes in you should
probably build some design for this
particular section of the page and then
you should send it back to this polar so
that it arrives on the user side. And so
this is a direct connection between one
harness capability and another harness
capability. So the chat thread and the
inapp browser. Um and uh yeah this is
kind of how how it looks like on a
diagram. But I think the best way to
experience with it is to is to see it.
So let me bring this up.
Okay, cursor. Uh, I think I'm already in
live mode here. Um, okay. So,
I I booted up live mode already. I'm now
in picker mode. I get this little bar
here at the bottom. Uh, and as you can
see, I can pick anything on this page.
Um, I get now I get this little overlay
bar and um I can select all sorts of
subcomands within the skill. So these
are basically translating to MD files
that live within the skill. Uh I can
select the amount of variance I want.
And then um I can hit go. And now um
here in the thread you can see that it
picked up the actual signal in the main
thread
uh because the polar stopped h and it
now knows hopefully exactly what it
needs to do to first wrap this element
in some special tag. then it knows how
to create uh variants and uh that are
marked up in a special way with CSS. Uh
and now it did that. So now as you can
see the uh the thing updated
immediately. I now get these three
variants and I can click through
and then if I like one of them I can
click accept and accept it. If I don't
like like one of them I hit uh escape
and I'm back in this normal mode. Um so
this shows sort of like uh how to
exploit an a harness capability uh in an
effective way for one problem space in
this case design. Um you can also uh
insert elements with this thing um and
sort of click into anything here. You
can um you can draw on top of this and
leave comments. You can leave
annotations if you want. Um you can
dictate uh you can uh steer the whole
page by simply writing into this and
then uh again this goes back to the main
agent and uh it becomes a steering
signal for the whole page. Um and you
can also visualize lots of things this
way. I mean you might have read uh
Tariq's uh blog post about this about
how HTML is a is a really cool way to
communicate as opposed to markdown. Um I
agree and I think also like uh design MD
is much better visualized as HTML. In
this case you see the M design MD of
this you know not great website for
demonstration purposes but uh um you can
use this to your advantage as well if
you hijack the inapp browser and use it
to your advantage. Um so this is how I
make use of it.
Okay
number eight.
It worked on my machine. Um
well I mean everybody who who's a
developer here knows this problem. Um
this is this hits really hard when you
ship a scale. Uh there are so many times
uh I kind of saw this argument on X was
like hey bro just sim link just you know
sim link.cloud and all your problems
will be gone. Um, well, that's great. If
you're building a simple skill and if
you're doing it for yourself, by all
means, go for it, right? Sim link your
claw MD to agents.m MD. Amazing. Like,
sim link the out of everything.
But it's not great if you're trying to
ship a skill to lots of users because
again, we just talked about a whole lot
of differences these hardes have. I'm
going to talk about more differences.
And I know it's annoying because it
would be great to simulate those things,
but unfortunately, we don't live in that
world. And unfortunately, Anthropica has
still not adopted agents. MD. So,
uh, what are the actual differences? For
example, we talked about sub agents
already. We talked about how, well, on
the bright side, they're widely
supported. Now, um, but who can spawn
one is very very different. So, with
claude, you can programmatically do it
very easily. Codeex needs the user.
Okay. Um, in cursor, it's agent chosen
most of the time. Um so there are clear
differences also if you want to
predefine these agents codeex has a
different syntax for that uh than claude
and and uh and cursor etc. Another one
is the ask user tool. So one of the
coolest tools in and the um cla code
harness is the ask user question tool.
Uh it's a really nice tool that you can
use to ask the user a question right? It
brings up this menu say like hey what
would you like to do and then you pick
some option. Well, turns out Codex has a
tool like this. That's the good news.
The bad news is that tool is only
available in plan mode. So, again, big
differences between how these things
work. Uh, and um, what does that mean?
That means that if you're not running
codecs in plan mode, but your skill
wants to ask questions, most of the time
it simply doesn't. It will simply infer
from the current context and not ask any
questions to the user. Uh, which is not
great. So there's a lot of sentences in
the impeccable skill that specifically
say if you're codeex you have to stop
and ask questions. No, you're not smart
enough to infer the context. Um so if
you see lines like this, that's why.
Another one is background jobs. And
there's also something you learn through
the hard way by doing this. For example,
this live mode that I just showed you,
it's spawning a background task. So it's
running a shell in a background task. Uh
and that that's cool because you can
keep using the session
um and then when the background task
finishes the model is automatically
waken up gets a gets the message back
and then can do something and re react
to it. Uh where codeex cannot codeex and
other harnesses do not react when a
background task finishes. You actually
have to manually say hey by the way this
background task can you take a look at
what it did and that's not great right
if you're doing an automation like this.
So there are differences in how these
tasks are spawned and uh and how they
work. So that's why if you're using the
live mode in cursor or in codeex, it
creates a foreground task and it keeps
the actual chat thread blocked. Uh not
ideal, but it makes it actually work. So
there are subtle differences on how
these tasks are spawned. Watchers is
another example. Tail watch exists now.
That's really cool. I mean most of the
harnesses have a way to watch for
instance a log file. Um but those are
throttled way harder than uh simply
spawning a background task. Edit hooks,
we talked about this already. Um they
are different and so lots and lots of
behavioral differences, but there's also
model differences.
So for example, in my case,
um they all have different tails in the
ways they're overfitted. Uh for example,
Gemini, again, I mentioned this loves to
animate pictures. It just loves it. Um,
you have to tell it not to animate
pictures if you don't want a hover
effect on every picture. Doesn't matter
where it is. It loves it. Um, Codeex
loves bad letter spacing. I don't know
why, but it does. Um, Codex also loves
extremely rounded borders. Uh, it will
round anything you thought it. Uh, it
loves it. Doesn't matter if it's
hospital website or a kids website. Uh,
it also loves hairline borders. And so
there are specific tails that are unique
to every model. And that's not just for
design. It's for architecture. It's for
code architecture. It's for, you know,
preferred npm packages. Now, every model
is overfitted in different ways. Uh
finding out how to overfit it usually
happens by accident. In my case, I have
a pretty extensive EVA harness that I
run behind the scenes. In fact, every
line of impeccable is ablation tested.
So I test every single line and see what
it does across all models. I don't
expect you to do that but it is very
good to know that uh that the models are
different and are following instructions
differently and and the behav behavior
the harness behavior is different as
well.
Um and so
what impeccable does it creates harness
specific and model specific builds for
every single uh model. Um, you might not
have to go all this way for your own
purposes, but I just wanted to show you
how far you can go with this. Uh, for
example, it actually has a um substitute
variable that picks the right user
question tool depending on the hardness
or it has these XML blocks for Gemini,
for codeex, etc. Uh, that will actually
insert specific overfitting avoidance
rules for the given models. Because it
turns out if you if you tell Claude not
to let her space too much, it will let
space in the exact opposite direction.
So you can't just include it all in the
same skill. Um and that's why you know
you can you know if you if you
instrument this way enough you can
actually get to this right once ship to
all of them uh skill that actually works
everywhere. It's a lot of work but it
does pay off and allows you to create
beautiful pictures like this. Um
now the only other problem is that uh
typical install methods like for um uh
MPX skills for instance if you've been
using MPX skills do not honor
um different directories for different
harnesses. So they actually just take
the first directory and then copy it or
sim link it into all sorts of folders.
Um that's why if you go to the
impeccable website uh I've built my own
CLI to solve this problem. Uh that's why
it doesn't use impact skills. So, I
think the committee hasn't quite yet
gotten to the point where uh this is a
this is an accepted idea and it's
annoying. I get it. It's annoying to
compile for different harnesses, but uh
I found it worthwhile. Finally,
um again, build for the lowest common
denominator. Um a weaker model has
opinions just fine, but what it loses is
the discipline to follow yours.
Um so uh codeex for example uh and GPT
specifically loves the word gate. If
you've built a skill in codeex before,
it loves gates. Um whenever you say,
"Hey, why didn't you follow these
instructions?" You're like, "Well, I
think we need a gate." Um so I gave it
what it loves the most, gates. Um but I
only do that for codeex. So there's a
codeex MD that gets loaded on the fly
for codeex. um and GPT uh and then uh it
actually follows like you know okay here
are your eight gates you have to pass
every single gate and you are not
allowed to compress those gates. Um
that's really important because it loves
compressing these instructions as well.
I'll just skim over it and say like well
I guess I do one and two and five and
good. Um and so um the way you solve
this is by actually having it lock every
single result of every gate and say like
well I just passed gate one great
success. Um
and the most important lesson from this
is if the gate can be skipped it will be
I mentioned this before right if the
model can wiggle itself out out of a
difficult situation it will absolutely
do that. uh it will not do all the all
the things it needs to do to uh to
complete the end result. Um so be
careful, make it unskippable.
Um so we just built a harness extension.
We went from prompting all the way to
building a monster. Um but uh I think it
turned out to be pretty powerful in my
case and I wanted to share what I've
learned on the way. Uh I don't expect
you to use all of those techniques. I
think some of them are pretty exotic and
maybe not applicable to every use case.
Um, but I hope that you find value in uh
some of the advice that I've given
today. Uh, so we've done a whole bunch
of things today. Nine things a prompt
can't do. We made it much more
deterministic um and uh and made
impactable better for that reason.
Uh if you like to try it out yourself um
again you can clone the repository for
this talk. you can clone uh impeccable
minus talks. Um but of course it also is
useful to just take a look at the actual
skill and see how it's built. Um the
project is completely open source
license under Apache 2. Um you can
install impeccable MPX impeccable skills
install. Um and check out the source
code on GitHub. Um with that um I'm at
the end of it. Thank you.
>> [applause]
>> And uh now I think we have uh about 10
minutes for any questions that you have.
>> Does anybody have questions?
>> Yes.
>> Oh, sorry. What was that?
>> A link
>> to the repository. Yeah. Um so the the
this is hard to see but [music] uh let
me let me put it up here. Um this is the
repository
uh for the talks. Yeah.
>> Awesome. My question was you mentioned
that.
>> Yeah, I the question is I mentioned that
it breaks prompt caching um the the
actual sort of trick the technique to
actually get uh something back from a
script um within a skill. And the reason
is because the result is dynamic, right?
It could be anything. Um, so unless the
result is always the same, it's a
dynamic shell execution. Um, so it gets
inserted into the into the thread. Now
the now to be fair, the skill will still
be cached. So the skill will still be
cached but uh but I guess I'm
differentiating between the skill with
inline uh you know static content versus
the skill with sort of like a dynamic
instruction to call out. So this part
will not get cached
yeah that was that was my main point.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. what is the process on how I
evaluate and iterate on this skill? Um,
so I
the process is pretty involved. Um, let
me see. Uh, see if I can bring this up
on screen.
Uh,
uh, okay. Here we go. So, here's a
glimpse. Oh, no. Okay, I shut down the
server. That's fine. Um,
okay. I'll just voice over. So, um,
yeah, I mentioned I built an uh Evals
harness and, um, and so I've created
myself a harness that, uh, re closely
recreates the conditions and the tools
of every harness that I care about. So,
for instance, it uses the clawed code
SDK.
Yes. Uh sorry guys, can you uh can you
lower your volume a little bit? Um
because uh people are still trying to
hear the questions.
Um thank you. So how do I how do I test
this? How do I build it? So this it's a
combination. So first of all, Impeccable
has a ton of end to-end tests in the
repository. Um uh that's both L&M driven
tests as well as um endto-end playright
tests. So that's one uh and that's
useful for things like testing the live
mode scripts for example. Um, but then
beyond that, how do I test that it
actually works? Uh, well, I've built a
EVA harness. That one is not open source
yet, but I built a EVAL harness that
closely replicates every um every model
harness that I care about right now.
Specifically, right now uh uh cloud
codecs in Gemini and um and I'm trying
to expand to more and it also recreates
the tools like for instance browser
screenshot tools uh or something along
those lines. And um and then it also
recreates um the because some parts of
impeccable are interactive. In the
initialization of impeccable oftent
times the user gets asked so you know
what would you what would you like your
page not to feel like? And so you get
these interactive like back and forth
and so I've built this LLM that acts as
the user against the other LLM. And so
it does like an interactive you know
back and forth turn. Um so I've built
that harness and then I've built a um
mixture of expert design judge that runs
on top of it. So basically give it eyes
uh to evaluate each result. Uh and then
I can run uh across 20 different niches
like for instance Italian restaurant. Um
I run across all models that I care
about GPD55, Opus, Sonnet um and do like
five to 10 tests um for each of those uh
for each skill release to see you know
how it changed. I also run against
competitors for instance I run against
the front end design skill to see does
it make a difference um um and and and
how does it make it worse or better um
and then beyond that I'm doing ablation
testing that's
harder and more expensive I would say um
so I don't recommend it for everyone but
this the ablation testing so every
you'll see this in the source code of
impeccable every rule has sort of an XML
tag that says like you know a unique
identifier of that particular line. Um,
and that that will be used by the
harness to then do a test where it
removes that line um runs the evolves
against all models and then adds the
line back in and then uh uh uses the
detection engine of impeccable the
deterministic one to see did it actually
change. Right? Right. So if there's a
line that says, "Hey, don't don't do
like gray on colorful backgrounds for
for contrast purposes." Um there's a
there's an ablation test and then a
deterministic check or feedback loop
that tests against it. So uh in short
quite involved
um but uh but I really it started you
know vibes based uh and now it's really
uh truly um well tested. Yeah.
>> Yep. Go ahead.
Sorry,
>> you set up for evaluating taste.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. Um I do have I do have um evals for
evaluating taste, but I don't think they
work particularly well. Um I just talked
to uh Ben from Contra about this. Um I
don't think I I mean I know I know um
some of my colleagues might disagree um
but I don't think taste can be solved at
a model level. Um I actually think it's
a it's a fundamentally human thing um
because taste is scars and unique and
once everybody uses the same taste uh it
becomes ubiquitous and then we don't
think it's tasteful anymore. So it's it
I think it's uh um I think it's hard. Um
and I also think the models are
particularly bad at evaluating taste. So
for example um there are certain things
that the models can evaluate well like
hey is this is is the correct thing in
the first viewport right? So functional
stuff that works but what doesn't work
and here's one example I've built again
this mixture of judges and one judge
rates whether the first viewport looks
great right and is effective. Um, and
one of the tells is that uh, Gemini, for
example, the more stuff there is in the
first viewport, the higher it rates it,
right? This is just a general rule. Like
if you just cram the viewport full, it
gives it a higher ranking. And so
there's a interesting example of like,
you know, the models are often
maximalist, right? They like, well, more
is more, I guess. Um, and so oftent
times I build judges that actually
invert the response of the model. Uh,
which is really strange, but it works.
Um, where it sort of judges something
very high. I'm like, okay, that's
definitely not a good design. Um, so
anyway, I don't think it's solved and I
don't think it's solvable, but um, I do
have, I would say, a tool that gives you
the design director eyes that works
marginally better than random. And
that's good enough for me for like a
first pass and then I use my own human
eyes to evaluate results and annotate
them.
Any other questions? Yeah, over here.
>> What do you say is the future for
skills?
>> The future for skills. So I would say
that's a that's a broad question. Um
yeah.
>> Yeah. So I'll first answer for
impeccable and for me. So in the in the
case of impeccable I think we're we're
definitely outgrowing
uh the skill platform kind of what's
possible with skills. I think the the
live mode is a good example of that. the
live mode um was sort of like a Jurassic
Park experiment to see like can I do
this? And the answer is yes is um I
think it's it's it's working better than
I expected but um it still has a lot of
problems. I mean it would be way better
to do this in a first party harness
integration or like a like a first party
tool. Um so I think there are limits
that I'm hitting where um where skills
might not be effective anymore. I think
in general
I would say most skills should probably
be written by the individual users. I
think those that actually go go through
the effort of packaging a skill and
sharing it with others need to invest
more time than they currently do. So I
guess that's my hot take. I think right
now I've I've seen plenty of skills that
are distributed that uh do not work well
in a model that the author didn't use
for example, right? And so I think I
think we just have to raise the bar of
what's acceptable to ship uh to to to
people. I mean again this is like the
works on my machine thing. Um I would
rather see less skills in the ecosystem
that are really battle tested and
proven. Um and I I hope we're shifting
towards that because right now it's sort
of like a wide west.
>> Yeah. Go ahead.
There's no like way to test
it all.
>> There's no common way to test the
skills. Yeah. And that could be a
opportunity. That's a good point. Yeah.
I guess I could I do have the tool for
that. That's true. [laughter] Yes, I
could do something with it. Yeah. uh
right now it's purely built for my own
purposes but uh but yeah the same is
true for for instance like the the
impeccable installer and compiler um I
don't think most people know that it
exists uh that it can compile to every
harness and that it has these
substitution techniques and stuff like
this like I could probably release that
standalone as well. Yeah, it's a good
point.
>> Yeah, go ahead.
MCP having skills on the server. How
would that work?
>> Oh, I see. Yeah. Um,
to be honest, I haven't tried it out
yet. Um, or I haven't really read too
much into it. I think MCP in general um
you know I worry greatly about context
pollution and um I do that with skills
too and I think um
I'm not using MCP a lot for that reason
um because it polluted my context many
times. Um
how do skills work in MCP?
Oh, you can download a skill from MCP
server. Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, what's the recommended way of
packaging them and distributing them?
Yeah. It's a good good topic. Um so of
course like the harnesses and the and
the frontier labs have their own ways. I
mean um Codex has a marketplace that you
can use for distribution plug-in
marketplace. Um uh Claude Code has a
marketplace as well. I think they
started with the marketplace technique.
Those marketplaces don't work
particularly well. I mean the Claude
code one for sure doesn't work
particularly well. I know this for a
fact because I mean the update me
mechanism often doesn't work and people
are like well my skill doesn't update
and oftentimes there's a caching issue.
So it my experience has been hit or miss
with the native methods of distributing
and then of course it only for that
particular provider. That's why projects
like uh skills.sh exist. But again, the
problem with MPX skills right now, it
does it it does it it doesn't allow for
like, you know, more advanced skill use
cases like, you know, compiled for every
different harness. I have a pull request
um in the in the repository. Um and I've
uh I've bugged Andrew a couple times
about it, but um he uh he still has to
get it merged or agree to agree with me
on that, I guess. Um I think uh we're
still discussing. Um but yeah, MPX
skills I think is a great project in
general. I think it'd be great if we
could sort of like standardize around
it. Um there's also one from Microsoft
trying to do that. Um a project from
Microsoft. I forgot the name of it. Um
but there's definitely no no industry
standard for distribution yet. Um yeah,
I'm not I don't love having to maintain
my own CLI installer. I would rather
not. Uh it's annoying. Um but uh it does
make it so it plays safe with all
harnesses installed, the hooks in the
right part of the system, etc. So it's
um Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. I think I'm way out of time, but
come up and speak with me if you like.
Yeah, I would say I'll end it here, but
yeah, come come up if you like. Um let
me just uh Thank you. [applause]
>> [music]
