UP主：AI Engineer
标题：One Operator, Many Drones: Inside Skydio's Autonomy Stack — Suchet Bargoti, Skydio
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wgPHvW0mG8

Thanks everyone for coming. So we'll be
talking about how um to use Agentic sort
of orchestration to command many many
different drones to achieve the
different tasks that we have ahead of
us. and just going to rethink this
presentation a bit and not just jump
straight into slides, but instead we're
going to fly. Um, so what we have here
on the left hand side is a real time
view. What we're going to be doing right
now, am I showing anything?
>> Well, I'm flying. There you go. Sweet.
Okay. Um, we are somewhere here in the
city down south, which where where our
headquarters is. Uh we have a few drones
up and I'm going to hit launch. Uh and
these are drones that are in docked
stations. So we calling this drones as
infrastructure uh where we actually have
thousands of these drones now planted
around the country with power utilities
with uh public safety uh with
construction companies. And what I'm
doing right now is using my keyboard to
simply fly here. Uh for those of you
that know the area, this is San Mateo.
And perhaps if I kind of zoom in here,
we may see a very faint render of the uh
SF skyline. Although the uh the fog city
is always there. So we might just say
hello to um the uh SFO airport here.
Some planes are launching. If anyone has
a plane tracker app, they can sort of
see this is uh realtime stuff there. So
what we have been building is the full
autonomy stack behind like how does a
vehicle operate autonomously? How does
the cloud system operate here? How do
the cloud servers work? uh and where
does the uh different levels of
intelligence and automation needs to
happen for us to make this happen
robustly such that when I'm here and
saying hey oh there's an incident
happening here I need to go respond I
could at the same time go back here and
say hey what about that other thing
that's happening on the other side of
the country what if we launch that
instead so while that's happening I'm
now going to launch something in
Colorado
so this is a imagine some sort of fire
incident has happen on your on the power
lines and we wanted to go out and
inspect those things. So, a dock is now
opening up in Colorado while the first
drone is still flying safely. Um, and
I'm just going to uh let it do all the
safety checks that it needs to do before
the launch. And this is all happening in
sort of conference Wi-Fi traffic. So,
you can imagine I can shut down my
laptop right now and everything needs to
safely happen behind the scenes.
Um, so I'm going to do this while the
first part is still happening.
Let me let's go back to the first drone.
Might give it another set of
instruction. Let's have a look around
here on the first drone. The second
drone has sort of kick started off and
maybe there's some cars sort of going
around there um that we can perhaps
track. So, let's track and what's this
car doing here? All right. So, we're now
tracking this car. Maybe this is a
runaway car that we needed to follow.
And I'm hands off right now. This is uh
the autonomous system kind of taking
over um through the various interactions
that I've given uh for it to do. And at
the same time while this is happening we
can do the final thing which is yet
another sort of drone in the system uh
back at our HQ
and we can say hey let's why don't we
run a third drone.
So what we're building towards is how do
we enable autonomy at scale where
traditionally how it started off
historically 15 years ago that you might
have a drone at home. It's a hobbyist
drone and you might play around with it.
You will tinker with it. You will work
with the controlling software. And then
about 10 years ago drones started to
become a lot more available and they
started to become a tool. A lot of
industries out there started to use
them. They will carry them with them in
the truck, go out there, deploy it. And
the next era that we're working towards
is drones as infrastructure. Imagine
these systems. And for the sake of this
conference, I'm going to call them
agents. These are physical emboded
agents that are kind of available at all
times at anywhere for the different sort
of use cases that we're interested in
that can automatically uh uh launch,
execute, and do their tasks. And what is
the minimum amount of autonomy that
needs to be begged in? And what does the
future interface look like today?
Everyone needs to be a dedicated pilot.
I go went through a certification
exercise. I need to think about the
safety standards here. But you can
imagine in a few years time the safety
is going to be determined by the
autonomous system and the interface
becomes really high level. It could be a
little slack bot that says, "Hey,
something's happened here. Why don't we
go send a drone?" And you might not even
know that the drone launched.
So, while this is happening, I'm going
to tell all the drones to pause and
return to doc.
So, we'll write this. They're all going
to start returning to doc. And while
that's happening, I'm going to start on
the presentation.
So, what I've shown you here is not just
concept. These are literally systems
that are being used in production. Uh as
was mentioned we are the largest
manufacturer of drones in the US and we
want to give people superpowers uh
through this technology.
Let's take a quick look at what some of
the people are doing here. This is um in
the northeast coast of the US uh where
our client has set up uh the system next
to a power station and they kind of used
this to do normal patrols and as they
flew around they found that some of the
there was a the pole was burning from
the inside and it was really starting to
show up here and this could have fallen
at any time and created a fire risk that
they would have otherwise not caught
without having to send people there
which itself is quite uh expensive.
Moving on to the sort of next use case
is on the public safety side. This is
San Francisco. Uh we work very closely
with SFPD. Um normally when a car gets
stolen, you'll see a high-speed chase
happening in the city. Quite dangerous.
But what if you could deploy a drone
instead where the uh people in the car
don't even know that there's a drone
following them. Here's a person who has
stolen the car on the right hand side
and they're about to change their
license plates uh on that. So they go
here, get out their tools. They come
back, luckily they point the license
plate up so the drone can see it and we
know exactly what they're doing. But
they're now replacing the plate uh in
the car uh with a new one. And all this
time they don't know that there's
they're being chased. The the the how
they behave in the uh public, how they
behave out there is very different and
it's a lot safer uh in how the
operations are done. They're now going
to go ahead and tint the windows. uh but
this allows the police to like
strategically position themselves in the
most safest way form to intervene at the
right time rather than doing a
high-speed chase outside.
So these are being used across many
different industries
and we are really starting to treat this
as infrastructure that can operate day
in day out nighttime rain sunshine.
We've got a few of these docs deployed
in Alaska, so very cold weathers. Few of
these docks deployed in uh Texas, so
extreme heat. And these need to be
reliable down to 99.9999%
uh where we do our sort of simulation
and testing to be able to prove that.
And today, uh we have about 16 million
people living within 2 mi radius of this
infrastructure that the uh um public
safety, the power companies can kind of
use this technology to be able to
respond to such incidents without having
to travel there.
So, what really happens when this
happens at scale? Can I get a hands up
of people that have flown a drone
before? A couple of hands up. When I
started to fly it, it was like kind It
took me a few hours to like really
figure it out. Then I put on the FPV,
that was even more tricky, but it felt
good to get get that expertise up, but
it's kind of like a skill that you
develop and you develop that skill over
time and you say, "Okay, for each
skilled person, we're going to put them
next to a drone and they're going to
start working." But now you want more of
these. So, uh, police companies,
infrastructure companies need to start
hiring these people more. And at some
stage, this really starts to break down.
The more 911 calls come that come in,
the more alerts that can come in, it
doesn't really scale. So, we kind of
rethinking as to what this means in
terms of this like initial firsterson
view engagement with these systems to
how do we convert this to a more
strategic uh, multi- aent view that you
can kind of command the entire fleet
with an objective in mind without having
to worry about the flight. Let me just
go back and see if that was all working
well. Great. They all landed. I am still
pleased when that happens successfully.
Although it's meant to happen all the
time.
All right, let's go back to this.
Oh,
all right. We're just going to carry on.
So, what does that mean when we start to
launch different things? You saw me
launch them. I was still kind of
thinking about it. Okay, I need to
launch this one, that one, that one. And
even myself in this like uh who's used
to this, I'm going to have some
cognitive challenges where our vision is
to be able to launch uh many many of
them uh in a potentially unsupervised
way. So what sort of commands these
things? How do we get it to like just
hey get out there, launch, search in
this area, find a missing person or look
out for this type of car and hold your
position there.
And in order to do that, we really need
to think about how do we get like really
like the many nines of reliability that
we need in autonomous flight. And that's
where we get an edge in the industry
because at Sky we're sort of controlling
the hardware, the software, the cloud,
the user interface to be able to manage
all that and specifically the autonomy.
uh allowing us to think about how our
underlying vision system should work to
see the environment to behave in the
environment correctly whether it's at
high altitudes whether it's cloudy
whether it's at high speeds how do we
deal in the rain on the bottom left
we're showing how do we navigate in
cities how do we plan large scale and be
able to do that and for anyone that has
worked with any sort of GPS device in
the city even our phones they kind of
suck uh so how do we robustly do that
and how do we also like do tracking when
there's a lot of occlusion
These are the all the different places
where we're thinking about how to train
AI systems quote unquote models. The
word model itself is uh has different
meanings in different places and I'll
discuss a little bit on what that means
for us.
But in order for us to you like really
harness this is we are learning on the
go. This is a learning flywheel that
we're getting out there, we're
collecting data, we're operating, and
we're coming back and doing that so that
each flight we can log the data. Uh kind
of like Google Street View where we need
to think about sanitizing that data,
make sure there's no private information
left there. Uh and make sure we don't
sort of like uh uh the customers know
exactly what they're sharing with us.
But if we can once we do that, we have
access to a huge amounts of data that we
can kind of learn from every single time
we instructed this but the drone did
this. every single time. We thought this
was going to happen, but this happened.
That can come back to our uh learning
agents, our reinforcement learning
ecosystems to be able to retrain,
evaluate, and send it back out there and
kind of continue that flywheel that
allows us to uh have that robust
framework.
And the other added advantage that we
have is it's not just about having
autonomy on the drone. As I mentioned
earlier, we have the luxury now to have
autonomy on the edge device, but also
have autonomy on the cloud. what I was
showing you earlier, all that video
feed, all the telemetry that's going
through a cloud server. We could set up
GPUs and we could set up inference
engines there to be able to have that
heavier lifting, maybe that longerterm
planning there, whereas the immediate
autonomous actions happen on the drone
and kind of always thinking about the
trade-off that we need to make uh to
make that successful.
One thing is true, however, that uh once
you do start thinking about having your
agents from the cloud, this the amount
of data coming to the cloud really
matters. Uh here's us sort of investing
in how we think about enabling the best
um uh video quality coming up through to
the servers uh in uh low lower low sort
of bandwidth areas. Uh being able to
sort of optimize that being able to un
uh um encode that information into
smaller sizes and be able to decode into
something clear that allows us to have
much higher quality exact same sort of
network conditions here. uh and it's the
some of the areas of investments that we
make so that we can have this more
cloud-based infrastructure uh to be able
to manage this at scale.
So once we do that I want to sort of
explore at a high level some of the uh
models that we um uh have in our system
uh that allows us to orchestrate all of
this.
Firstly a model this is a section about
world models. I want to sort of talk
about world models from a context of
maps. Not too dissimilar to how uh Whimo
works. They have a map of the world and
they kind of navigate in that world.
They do local perception, but also think
about global planning. If I want to go
from part A of the city to part B, I
can't just like keep hitting every
building and kind of navigating around
them. I need to think about what's the
optimal path uh along the way. So, we
start off with a lot of prior
information. uh um and we merge that
with uh not just sort of building data,
but maybe there's uh vector data such as
where the power lines are, where the
roads are, if you want different
behavior in these areas. And we think
about how to combine these resources to
ultimately build a map that we can plan
and navigate around. And the drone has
knowledge of this map uh at all times to
be able to go around that.
But like any map, maps can go out of
date. Uh luckily we have so many eyes in
the sky to think about how to maintain
and update these maps along the way. On
the left hand side uh we are rendering
our knowledge of the world in the points
onto our video feed. However, that
doesn't line up perfectly everywhere. Uh
there's some sections here that um if I
sort of zoom out here, there's some
sections here that a new construction
site had set up uh that we did not know
about. Uh however as a drone now starts
to fly and not this is not just one
drone but your fleet of drone they're
now observing these things that we can
feed back into our uh map syncing
process that can come back land give the
data and now once uh in the next
iteration all the drones in the fleet
have this most updated map of the world
that they can uh do all the planning in.
A second type of model is uh perhaps
today a more conventional sort of uh
machine learning uh inference model uh
which is the ability to uh be able to
track understand objects in the scene
but be able to track them be able to
track them behind occlusions. So the uh
this implicit representation behind the
scene is some sort of world
representation of the object that hey
it's gone behind this building and it
might come out on the other side. So I
should navigate myself so I can kind of
follow it there or I should move myself
in a different direction to be able to
do that. Maybe 5 years ago this would be
more done uh in a more conventional way.
You have to like manually think about
how to move. But now you can think about
uh more reinforcement learning style
techniques or more learned end to-end
approaches that can really help out here
without you having to engineer all the
edge cases uh that can go in. And then
obviously like how do we do this
robustly rain, snow, day, night um uh
using um vision only.
One other thing that we're sort of doing
here on the tracking side is we have
some minimal set of tracking that's
happened on device on the edge but we
can do some higher level tracking that
happens on the cloud. So perhaps it can
reason more about your entire map.
Perhaps you can reason more about use
heavier models. Use VLMs uh uh with
lower which have u which don't respond
as quickly uh at a rate of like let's
say 7 to 10 hertz but can give you
feedback at a 1 to two second uh latency
but that's good enough for us to make uh
broad decisions about um where to move.
For a lot of our um infrastructure
customers uh we're doing a lot of
semantic reasoning. So what is there in
the scene? Uh here is an illustration of
us thinking about um uh utility poles
and we want to uh when a instruction
comes in hey go look at this line
there's something gone wrong the drone
needs to go there it needs to understand
the scene then it needs to take actions
within that scene and we're constantly
looking at how to build these primitives
these tools ultimately uh that uh we
today code but uh at any time an agent
can access these tools to better
understand uh what the drone is seeing
and what it could do about
So an example of uh the agentic sort of
system in action is a visual language
model on the top left side. The user
here is typing in look for a white jeep
uh and it's doing a sort of find and
follow. It in it uh accesses a drone API
to command a certain sort of trajectory
that it should take. While that is
happening the detection head is kind of
uh the V uh the VLM is kind of running
here to say hey what's what in the scene
am I looking for? it finds something,
then it has access to the tools that
allow the drone to track and follow. And
that's without any specific coding of
that law rules, but instead uh having a
more sort of agentic uh giving the
agents the all the tools that it needs
to be able to um understand the drone
state and make decisions given the uh
information and the context that's
available there.
And then there's uh always the sort of
long-term vision uh that's often there
in the self-driving community here right
now or any sort of robotic system. What
if uh we could just give it raw sensor
data and out comes uh the perfect uh
results. Uh perhaps that's the actuation
that happens. Perhaps it's where the
drone is pointing. Perhaps it's where
the drone goes. And we're definitely
sort of doing a lot of testing and
triing with reinforcement learning on
what that looks like if we have multiple
uh instantiations of uh this um
behavior. Does it get to the right um
end spectrum? The main consideration
whenever we work with a physical system
is that you're often looking at really
high volumes of reliability as I was
saying many nines of reliability. uh and
the um doing a completely end to-end
system uh does have its challenges in
the sense that the observability of
what's going wrong and the guarantees on
reliability is very difficult today. So
while it's a direction that we're
continuously taking and exploring, it's
kind of figuring out which segments of
your end to-end chunk need to move to a
more uh um like sort of world model
representation of it. Uh, and it's
specifically the things where we always
find ourselves, okay, I need to
handgineer this. I need to code this in
specifically. I need to look at these
rules. Like search and rescue is one of
those things like, oh, go look for these
trees, but if you don't find the trees,
look under here or then turn on thermal
or but then if you didn't find it here,
look there. We're trying to get away
from having to have all these if
statements and the code and these
branching strategies and kind of let the
agent have some highle tools uh to be
able to instruct these very high level
commands uh for the drone.
So um I talked about a quadcopter today,
but we're kind of doing this similar
with a much smaller from form factor
quadcopter and we're now starting to
look at this what this looks like from a
fixed wing as well. all in the world of
infrastructure. Uh so they can be
launched from anywhere, recovered from
anywhere and ultimately the sweet spot
where we can kind of start to very
quickly build on the cloud uh to
orchestrate these things. And the way we
thinking about it is allowing these
systems to have basic APIs of
interactivity that the cloud agents can
come in and uh tap into and make
decisions on and ultimately allow for
very high level thinking when we uh uh
work with these drones.
So like many talks here we are hiring uh
as as I said we have full stack sort of
uh we do the end toend thing hardware
software autonomy full stack front end
back end uh wireless networking
everything all the technologies on our
mobile phones we're now making them fly
um so uh come say hi or look at our
website uh would love to talk more thank
