UP主：AI Engineer
标题：From Scratch to SOTA: Training a 3B State-Space Vision Model — Krishna Prasad Srinivasan, Sarvam
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T72nqdC92PM

All right. Um, hi everyone. Good
afternoon. I'm Krishna. Uh, and I'm a
general manager at Servin. Um today I'm
going to tell you how a three billion
parameter model uh small enough to run
on a single GPU gets state-of-the-art uh
in document AI and beats models 100
times larger in size.
It is also a slightly unusual model in
two ways. Firstly u the language model
used is not a standard transformer. Um
and the entire model building from data
to training to compute uh was done end
to end in India and for English and for
22 official Indian languages uh which I
think uh are personally uh uh one of the
hardest document intelligence problems
uh in the world right now. Um this is
how we went from scratch to SOTA.
Who are we? Uh we are serv uh a
sovereign foundation model company uh in
India. We work across different
modalities voice, text and vision. Uh in
voice we have speech to text and
texttospech models. In text we have uh a
30 billion and 100 billion parameter uh
uh models and in vision we have a
document intelligence model which is
what we are going to talk about today.
Um, India is largely missing from the
machine readable world. Um, according to
a published language distribution study,
well under 1% of the common crawl uh
corpus on which frontier models are
trained uh have uh um Indian language
representation.
Now in several forums you may have heard
Frontier Labs say that um India is their
um India is one of their larger uh uh
and fastly growing markets and to that
end um India is still missing uh in
terms of data from frontier models that
uh um are being trained every day here.
Now why is that? Uh primarily not
because there is uh a lack of data or
the knowledge does not exist. It is
because the data has never been
digitized and we are solving that
problem at server.
Um why is Indic document intelligence
hard? Uh firstly the goal is that of
knowledge extraction not just purely
text extraction. Uh extracting pure text
without logical coherence is
meaningless. And secondly in index
scripts the shape of uh the words and
the language you see are very different
from what a machine sees. that is Indian
languages have a complex uh set of uni
codes fused together to get right the
language model needs to be strong at all
22 languages. Third, majority of Indian
languages can be considered low resource
due to which there is a lot of uh um
lack in data today to train these
models.
Our answer to this is server vision
India's first sovereign vision language
model built from scratch. um a three
billion parameter model with state space
architecture
data compute and training all of which
done in India. When we started the
initial work in late 2025 most VLMs uh
in the OCR space were monolith VLMs. uh
they performed page level OCR and we at
the time took a contrarian bet to focus
on block level OCR instead adding a
document hardness around the model. Um a
lot of models since then uh released uh
uh recently in 2026 have converged onto
the same uh hardness plus small model
paradigm for OCR which shows a lot of
value in the direction we uh set off.
Serverom vision in particular uh has two
hardness modules one for layout and one
for reading hardness and a state space
model uh VLM for block level OCR.
Again um today uh why do we use state
space and not a transformer? Um most OCR
models today uh like general VLMs, open
source VLMs like Quen, Gemma etc. are
all transformers based. We took an
alternate approach uh using an SSM. Why?
Both are fundamentally sequenced models
transformers and SSMs but with very
different underlying mechanics. A
transformer has every token look at
every other token where the compute
grows with square of the sequence
length. Uh that is the L cross L
interactions and the memory goes as the
sequence grows as well. Now on the other
hand, SSMs have a single state. They
maintain a single state through the
sequence updating it token by token. Now
as compute grows only linearly, the
memory stays constant for SSMS. Now why
is this the right uh architecture for
OCR? It really depends on the uh uh
trade-offs here uh for long documents in
particular which can lead up to uh uh 5
to 10,000 uh visual tokens per page and
quadratic complexity of you know uh
compute and memory becomes very
expensive for inference. On the other
hand,
um doing block level OCR with somewhat
of a lossy recall using SSMs can be
justifi justified to uh um avoid high
compute costs imposed by transformers.
So how do you actually train this? We
built a staged curriculum four stages
each uh building on the last um stage
one is texton pre-training uh 13
trillion tokens across English, Indian
language, text, math and code. This
builds the three billion parameters
language backbone and a strong language
prior is what lets the model resolve a
smudged or an ambiguous text from the
image. the same way you can read a half
blurred word because you know which word
is supposed to uh u be at the right
place. So we focused on building the
competence of the language model first
uh before the model ever even sees a
pixel. Stage two is where we performed
continual pre-training uh on 300 million
image text pairs. This teaches the
language model general vision
capabilities and teaches how to see how
to interpret pixels and so on. Then
comes stage three where we performed uh
supervised fine-tuning on 100 uh uh
million uh OCR uh samples. Now the um
stage three is primarily focused on
letting a general VM model become strong
at OCR. What that includes is having
diverse data across all 22 languages and
English and also incorporating all kinds
of uh uh document components such as
tables and uh um equations and
handwritten documents and so forth. Now
and stage four is re reinforcement
learning which helps push past the
ceiling of whatever uh supervised
fine-tuning is able to achieve. Here you
will see this is a standard recipe.
However, the moat here is the two things
underneath the data layer and the eval
layer. Um the first is the data engine.
For most of the 22 languages, there is
no label data available readily.
When label data does not exist, building
the data engine becomes hard. And that
is something we have done extensively.
We've built pipelines to create
synthetic data and doc data from real
documents and also helped
build the uh pipeline for continuously
improving the data that goes into
training based on the eval performance
and so on. So we are currently actively
looking at the paradigm of RLMs um as uh
uh we explore the agentic vision
capabilities for our models in the
upcoming releases. The second mode is
the eval. You cannot reach
state-of-the-art if uh um you cannot
measure how well your model performs. We
have curated extensive evals to ensure
what we are measuring is truly sota and
also truly meaningful in terms of
usefulness for end uh uh users. So I
want to take just a minute to dwell on
our RL pipeline uh stage four because uh
a lot of gain comes from RL. Essentially
in OCR correctness is a machine readable
problem right a lot of tests can be set
up to uh um reward and score the models
against uh uh these uh samples that you
create. And in the world of
deterministic OCR, these are all machine
uh uh verifiable. Hence, RL gives us a
major boost.
Sample a group, score with unit tests,
reinforce what the average uh uh value
to beat is, and then repeat the process.
And this makes RLVR for OCR very very
scalable.
Now after all the from scratch training
we've done and the data effort we've
made we were able to establish sot in
two of uh the global English benchmarks
one is CRB bench and the other is
omnidoc bench at launch we were at 84.3
on CR and then 93.2 into on omnidok
bench. Um the models uh that have
released since have moved the needle
quite a bit and we'll soon have a a
stronger model in the global leaderboard
as well.
Secondly and more importantly um on 22
Indian languages we have an unbeaten
lead even compared to all the frontier
models such as Gemini and uh chat GPT
and Opus and so on. And this is where
we've extended the lead significantly
and we remain uh uh strong compared to
all of these newer models that have come
in.
Now server vision pars our agentic
document intelligence workbench called
aure where we enable
human in the loop agentic digitizations
uh and uh extractions and then
injections for various uh downstream uh
document intelligence problems. We
provide confidence scores um and we uh
have block level grounding and then also
the ability to do uh agentic proof
reading etc.
Now benchmarks and soda are uh uh one
thing they have their place. Today some
of the largest enterprises in the world
from insurance to banking to governments
to historical preservation organizations
are using server vision to digitize more
than 35 million pages across English and
uh uh 22 Indian languages. The model is
available as API and on prem and then
the agentic platform.
So in conclusion until 4 months ago uh
there was no sovereign model uh from
India. Today we have server vision which
was trained from scratch and has
established sot um at a price point that
is extremely competitive with uh all the
other solutions including open and close
source. Uh first we've started by uh uh
solving some of the hardest problems for
Indian language document intelligence.
Soon uh we'll be releasing general
purpose uh VLMs which are capable of
much more uh uh vision capabilities and
uh look forward to uh uh all of you
trying out our models. Thank you.
[applause]
Happy to answer any questions. Yeah.
Yes.
>> Yes. Absolutely. Uh in general, the
language capability of the 22 languages
enhances English uh by quite a margin.
And this is applicable to any low
resource language, not just Indian low
resource languages.
>> Yeah.
Right. Um we don't quite go in that
direction with this model because this
is a vision focused uh uh model wherein
we are focused on extracting information
or knowledge from documents. But yes,
there could be uh some parallels to um
helping models use general languages to
speed up coding as well. But yeah,
that's not the uh periphery of this uh
uh work.
Yeah.
Right. Um so there are two things uh we
uh create artificial documents synthetic
documents as they are called for general
post-raining uh that includes SFT and
RL. Um however coming to your specific
question on RL uh we don't uh you can
generate uh synthetic documents there as
well. However, um the best thing to do
is to take real world documents complex
enough that uh help you set up unit
tests or different kinds of uh uh
rewards, right? like say a a reward
based on character error rate or a a
reward based on table structure or a
math equation or something uh that is
pertinent to a language or like grammar
rewards or so on and then help the model
iteratively improve based on uh um rules
that the model is able to produce at
different uh u settings. Yeah. Yes.
Sorry, did you say big fan of Chundra?
>> All right. Uh, that's from a different
lab. Uh, I'm also a big fan of the lab
that produced Chundra. But yes, took
your question uh on Indic benchmark.
Yes, we will release the server indic
benchmark that we have created for 22
languages and it uh spans um a a huge
time period starting from 1800s until
modern day and also different kinds of
layouts, different kinds of documents in
Indian languages. You can imagine
documents with pros, poetry, literature,
uh tables, finance and all of those
things. We'll soon release that
benchmark uh in public as well.
So translation is again uh
transliteration is again not directly
involved here because in OCR what we
care about is high fidelity extraction
right uh you want even if there is a
mistake in an image you want that
mistake to be extracted correctly and
not the model uh uh making changes at
whim uh hence that is not directly
applicable but yes uh what we see is a
lot of data that is coming through
transliteration for even OCR training
now and the um jury is out on what is
the quality of that data and how useful
it is etc
Yeah.
Right. Um there are few things to
consider. Um first is no other model
frontier uh closed source or open model
does well with complex Indian language
documents right so for a size of uh for
a country with 1.4 4 billion people you
want to be able to address their
day-to-day lives in uh uh terms of
document intelligence problems because
there is a lot of paperwork in India
right it is a up and cominging country
and it's still being digitized as we
speak and it's important that
representation or ability to digitize
the country exists to begin with.
Secondly on uh the training side what we
have uh uh done in particular is to
create data that can be added to a lot
of training downstream. So uh we are at
a very early stage in terms of AI
becoming you know a regular parts of our
lives and we need the data to start to
be able to eventually get to a place
where we can uh have personalized agents
in the language you prefer in language I
prefer and however I want in uh uh in
some so to do all of that we need to
start somewhere and the data needs to be
created and if the data is of good
quality then that helps the model become
sota and If a model is sot then uh from
uh insurance agencies to government
organizations to others who care about
sovereignity in AI right uh as a
government body I cannot have a model
deployed elsewhere and I don't know
where the data is going for uh uh the
transcriptions so I need to be able to
control where the data is sent and when
it is used how much it is used etc. So
sovereignity becomes very crucial and
hence this model really is now uh uh
like it's been what four months since we
launched and already we are we are
digitizing 35 million pages. So that is
that shows that the market was waiting
for something sovereign in this space
that can really kickstart uh the AI
digitization wave in India. So yeah
primarily like three aspects one on uh
sovereignity the other is the model uh
capability itself and the third is data
uh that is required to train these
models.
Yeah, it is it is uh um 40% uh indic and
then uh the rest is English and
comprises of math and code etc.
>> All right.
Just a curious question.
Um currently the uh the deployments
we've made uh with this model are in
different states uh uh trying to
digitize regional languages and along
with all the English and mixed language
uh uh documents and hence we'll soon uh
be able to train with the um uh feedback
we get from uh the current deployment.
So yeah, we have started that uh
pipeline as well.
>> [music]
