UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Physical AI's Next Bottleneck Is Finding the Right Video — Rafael Levi, Bright Data
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_VEh7XSwyc

[music]
Hi everybody.
Welcome.
For those that came to actually see me,
thank you. For those that are just
hanging out here, also thank you. I'm
going to try to entertain you guys,
teach you something new.
Um again my name is Rafael. I work at
Bright Data. I've been with Brighta for
over eight years. And in Bright Data we
are collecting data and uh we're trying
to innovate. So today I want to talk
about video discovery for agentic world
models training. And uh we're going to
explain what that is in a little bit.
So
what does it take to take to build a
system that can see understand and act
right? I mean, we figured out what an AI
is. We're constantly improving it. Like,
you know, that's kind of handled. But
now, the hard part is what data do you
provide to it? Because everybody knows
AI without data is just a box, right?
So, let me take you a little bit back in
history, right? In 2022,
Google taught a robot by images, real
world actions, right? Then going
forward, there was a leap uh in 2023. Uh
we had uh an AI actually control
multiple robots.
In 2024, the open source came out. Now,
this where the game changed. Once we had
an open source, all the labs had access
to AI and they started already putting
AI into robots, right? And so now these
models are already driving humanoid
robots. I'm you seeing some of course
most here are remote controlled, but I
mean in San Francisco you got weo
driving without any drivers. How cool is
that? First time I got in the car, I
thought I was going to die, but it was
actually very nice. Right now, how do
you think it learned how to drive? By
actually teaching itself. By by learning
on dashboard cameras, right? Every car
has a dashboard. So, if you provide that
to an AI, it can figure out how to
actually operate a machine.
So, as I said, the AI is no longer the
hard part. The data is. And this is what
I want to talk about. Right? So for chat
LLMs, there's trillions of words and
texts, right? So we have so much text
data to train the LLMs. For image
generation, we got billions of images,
labeled images. So that's also a huge
database.
But for robotics, there's only about a
million videos. It's a very small
limited data sets of robots doing
things, right?
And so the idea here is that of course
you a lot of companies out there what
they do is they pay people to record
actions, right? So for example, hey
record me how you open a door or record
to me how you're sitting on the chair.
But then the problem becomes is that
when somebody is told to do something,
they do not do it naturally. So I call
it instructed, right? If you're told to
record how you open the door and you're
doing it for somebody, it's not going to
be the same as if you just walk into the
house. The movement is totally
different. So is that data good for
robotic training? In my assumption, no.
It's biased data and it doesn't deliver
the same results. So obviously the robot
is not going to be as effective as if
it's intuitive. Right? So I just threw
in some examples on the slide, right? So
uh
the built by hand data is not the same
as the data that is kind of on the site,
right? So and also the fact is that
people behave very differently when they
on the camera. Some of you know some
people are camera shy. So you know as
soon as you put a camera on them you
they change but in the natural world
it's a totally different thing. So this
is what we are trying to solve in bright
data right
um
again so why is the usual data sources
are not enough right simulations
uh virtual it's it's cheap but it's um
you know everybody's playing video games
the physics in video games are almost
there but they're not good enough where
to train a robot on it right a hand
control the person controlling a robot
it's doable but how many hours a day can
you record the robot, how many people
you need to actually get huge scale
data, right? I mean, you can record
maybe eight hours a day every day. How
many hours are you going to get in a
year? It's not really scalable.
And of course, there's already pre-built
data sets, but as I said before, they're
small. There's only about a million
videos at this point. So, what is the
alternative? The alternative is the web.
Let's just think about YouTube. How many
videos are there on YouTube? I don't
know, five billion videos. How many
actions are in those videos that a robot
can replicate?
I mean, let's think about it. How many
do you think videos are there of a
person opening the door firsterson view?
Millions of hours. You'll be surprised.
So,
every day the web video shows gravity
motions, right? So um cause and effect
obviously accidents big the biggest
cause and effect right how handle how
people handle objects and billions of
hours great training material for robots
but what is the problem the problem is
that there's a lot of noise right oh and
for example right so one of the AI
models that meta trained they gave it
about a million hours of real world
videos
and then all it took is 62 hours of real
robotics data to actually control to
control a real robot. So if you think
about it,
the data was collected publicly, right?
So it trained the the the robot on just
random things and then in 62 robotic
hours, it was already moving. So there
no simulations needed, autonomous
robotics delivered fast.
But the videos don't show how the robots
move, right? So you might think, well,
listen, how useful is it a person
pouring water into a cup for a robot. So
there is methods actually out there how
an AI can distinguish and actually learn
from the actions that are in a video. If
you take two frames frame by frame and
the AI measures the movement this
difference, right? So you have an image
A and image two and there's a small
movement that is changing between the
two images and AI can actually measure
that change. So if you keep doing that
through the whole video and AI can
actually figure out angles, distance and
everything that it needs to train and
robot right. So we don't necessarily
need the sensor's data but of course the
video itself that you download from
video from YouTube or the video that uh
you extract the data from doesn't
necessarily get you 100% there. You do
need to have some processing on top of
that but
it's available. It's out there and all
you need to do is process it.
So a few more examples right? So for
example, Nvidia when they train in the
Cosmos robot, they're throwing out about
96% of the video. So what does that
mean? They download a million hours of
video and the only part is 4% is
actually useful. Everything else gets
thrown out. That's wasted compute.
That's wasted bandwidth. That's wasted
storage. That's just a lot of wasted
money. Okay. Stable video diffusion is
throwing out 74% of the videos that
they're downloading.
So in bright data we are trying to solve
that problem and we're trying to take it
a step forward. So what we propose is
search first collect second. What we do
is we are actually indexing videos and
we are allowing you to search for
specific actions. Since we're talking
about a person opening a door, let's
keep using that uh example. What you can
do on our platform is actually input
detailed information, right? A query,
person washing dishes, person folding a
t-shirt and so on. And we will provide
the snippets from the videos of these
actions.
So what does that mean?
That means that
there's less waste of data collection.
there's less waste of storage and
bandwidth, right? So, a little more on
how it works. Obviously, you define what
you're looking for.
We search through billions and billions
of pre-indexed videos, not by keywords,
but by actions, and we provide you with
ready to use clips.
And obviously, they're already trimmed,
prepared for your training. So all you
got to do is process them a little bit
for maybe motion distance sensors and so
on and it's ready to be ingested into a
robot.
I have a small example of a video of how
it actually works on our platform. So
let me just hit play here if I can find
it.
So here we see person washing dishes by
hand in sink removing grease from the
plate using sponge and soap including
rinse and placing dishes into drying
rack. close-up hand interactions.
So, right now what is happening is it's
searching through
billions of videos. Now, on this video,
it's a bit old. We only got about 100
million index there, but now we're up to
1.1 billion videos. And it will
literally like this is a little sped up,
so I didn't want to waste your guys
time, but it will provide to you clips
from videos of people washing dishes.
And you can see right here all the
videos in
That would be fine. Now, some of these
videos might not have to do anything
with washing dishes. They might have
cleaning kitchen. They might have to do
something else. And here's another
example. For example, human folding
different types of clothes,
right? So, a little more description.
The more description you give, the more
you actually get back.
So, again, a little speed up. Let's see.
I want you to understand it could be
anything. A person putting on makeup.
Let's say you have a brand and you want
to find videos where your brand is being
found. All that can be also provided. So
you see people folding clothes. So now
you can train a robot on how to fold
clothes.
Of course everything is available via
API. We don't expect people to actually
do anything manually, right? So you can
trigger it by API. you get a returned
snippet of the video, the URL. We give
you the link to the original video if
you want to watch it. But the main thing
here is that
we can give you the snippets of the
video to train your robotics. Now, I'm
not sure if any of you training any
robots, so I'm going to give you another
example of how useful it could be. Let's
say you have a brand and you want to
know where your brand is being demoed on
videos.
The video titles doesn't matter because
it doesn't actually consume. It's not
about your product. It's just a person
doing some podcast recording something.
But you see a woman putting on makeup
and she you see on the table that this
is your brand of a makeup. So now all of
a sudden you can find all videos for
your brand where it's being used
whatever it is right by searching name
of the video you won't find it by by
video indexing you can actually find
specific things that you are interested
in apple falling from the tree and so
on. So what comes back? We provide to
you this time stamp. We provide to you
the score matching, how close it is to
your query, and of course the frame
count. How many frames are about what
you're looking for?
So what does this change?
This changes a lot. Okay, less waste.
You don't need to download million of
hours of videos. you can actually get
exactly the the specific actions that
you are interested in.
Again, it's very crucial for robotic
training because noise creates problems,
hallucinations, right? This removes the
noise.
What is it useful for? Not only robots,
but obviously self-driving for example,
Wimo, right? trained on dash cam video
cameras and there's millions, hundreds
of millions of hours on YouTube of dash
cams. How many of you like to watch
accidents? Dash cam c accidents. I'm
sure everybody watched them. Crazy
driving in Russia, right? So, this is
what we're talking about, right? The
videos that are out there, okay? A
person running a red light, person
stopping on red light, making a left
turn, making a right turn, and so on.
All of that can be a very useful data
for training and any other world models.
Physics, right? Robots needs to
understand physics. What is the gravity?
How to sit? How to walk? How to move?
Again, of course, you can pre-record it.
Um, a lot of times right now I speak to
some of the people and they have
millions of people recording videos for
them. Hey, can you guys record me how
you open doors? That's crazy. Why do you
need a million people doing it when
everything is available online? Online
is one of the hugest databases out
there. It's just people don't really
like it's it's not that easy to use it,
right? I mean, right now the only search
available to us is by the keyword of the
name of the video.
And of course, one source, the whole
public video web in one place. I mean,
we got YouTube, we got Vimeo, we got so
many different uh video providers out
there, billions and billions of hours
of training data just there waiting for
you to grab it, collect it and process
it. So basically this is a new product
that we're doing a bright data right
indexing videos so that you guys can
find specific actions anything you can
think about you know again it could be
useful for brands uh as well it's not
only for training data anything you can
think of could be useful
maybe you are a gamer and you want to
know how do you beat this level but
there's no exactly video like that so
you can search okay people beating the
level on the video game, right?
Anything.
The world is yours.
So,
I'm going to wrap it up. I don't know if
you have any questions, but uh if you
want to connect with me, talk about it
more, feel free to to add me on
LinkedIn. And um yeah, I'm going to
thank you guys for your attention. And
uh I'm at a bright data booth if you
want to talk more about it. And thanks
for coming.
