UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Mousepower: agents that can’t be measured, can’t be managed. — Maximillian Piras, Yutori
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KkibGU_DDY

[music]
>> Um well, thanks all for your time.
Really appreciate you dropping by and
it's always a a great honor to speak at
the world's fair. So, I'll do my best to
uh
give you guys some valuable insights and
um
yeah, hopefully make it worth your time.
So, my name's Maximilian Piros and today
I'll be talking about mouse power.
And this is a talk about measuring
agents through mental models.
But before I get into talking about
measuring agents, I'm going to talk
through a bit about how I use them every
day. And it might seem familiar to you,
but just to level set, we'll go through
it. So, uh I tend to background them
like I'm sure a lot of you people are as
well.
Um so, while my active attention is
focusing on one thing, like perhaps
giving this talk to you, I still want to
make some progress on peripheral tasks.
So, I'll keep my attention focused on
giving this talk, while my agents can
help me explore some designs in the
background cuz I think that uh my slides
need a bit of work. So, you know, I've
got my design system already set up.
I've got some guidance uh given to my
agents. So, I'll kick off an agent to
just try to explore some different
directions on the type type two
treatment and the layout. And um you
know, just try to get as many
explorations as possible.
But of course, uh one agent's never
enough. So, I like to kick off a bunch
in parallel. You know, I've got a lot of
slides to get through. So, I need all of
my agents on and exploring it in
different directions and
uh hopefully I can get some interesting
things to make my slides a bit better.
And uh hopefully they can finish the job
pretty soon cuz we're obviously kind of
up against uh the timeline the the uh
deadline here.
So, um
this is generally how I work. I'm sure
it's probably familiar to a lot of you
where we're just trying to kick off
agents for as much as possible in
parallel cuz it always feels like
there's just way more research to do. We
want it to be as thorough as possible.
There's way more design explorations to
do. So, whenever our main focus is on
one thing, why not kick a bunch of
agents off in parallel and just try to
maximize your time. And it's a lot of
fun, of course, until you get the bill.
And then you start to wonder, was it all
worth it? Right? Did
did you vibe code too hard?
Were you token maxing too much? Like,
could you have been more efficient in
how you approached
your sequencing your agents?
And so, this is what I'm going to get
into today. It's It's how do we evaluate
the token cost? And specifically, how do
we help our customers value it?
So, for the past year and a half, I've
had the pleasure of working as a
founding designer at a company called
території and we focus on computer use
models. These are models that learn to
use a computer like a human would and
the use case for them is when you can't
get information from an API or an MCP,
why not just send an agent out to use
the computer like a human would and then
we can extract all types of data and
manipulate it in ways that let us access
all the stuff that wasn't accessible
previously. So, obviously less efficient
than APIs and MCPs, but as a last
resort, just have an agent go use the
computer and try to get the information.
Here's the U території agent using the U
території website.
Um checking out its own benchmark. So,
kind of it's admire itself in a way. So,
yeah, it gets it gets a bit weird. Like,
and a lot of what I do as a founding
designer there is talk to customers, try
to understand how can we make agents as
intuitive as possible, how do we figure
out the mental models they're using to
value the use cases they want to send
out agents for.
And a lot of them do seem pretty
confused so far. A lot of people are
excited about agents, but the phrase
that comes up quite often is that they
feel like they're just scratching the
surface. Um
it seems like it's not quite intuitive
how we can best use them yet. And so, in
a lot of my uh customer discussions,
it's it always comes down to a question
of like, what is the best way to use use
uh to use agents? What are the best use
cases for them? And how do I think about
the trade-offs with regards to token
costs relative to value? So, I think
we're still kind of building this muscle
today. And this leads me to the thesis
of the talk, which is that I think
agents have a measurement problem.
And uh as an example, here's me at work
trying to measure some agents, and one
of my co-workers took this photo and
told me I looked like
I was uh trying to solve the mystery of
Pepe Silvia. So,
uh
as you can see, it's it's
it's not a it's not an easy task to to
measure agents. But, I'm sure some of
you are saying, "Hold on a sec. Like,
what is this guy talking about? I've got
a fleet of agents working for me right
now. We're building our next
million-dollar app as we speak, and I'm
having a a totally fine time uh
measuring my agents." Uh to which I will
agree with you, uh but then I will point
you to the mandatory Upton Sinclair
quote to remind us all that everybody in
this room is very biased, and we're
early adopters, and we're very excited
to explore this new technology, but it
doesn't mean that we represent the
people that ultimately we're going to be
trying to help adopt this technology.
And so, you know, I think it's important
to remind ourselves that in some way or
another, we probably are selling tokens,
whether it's indirectly or directly. And
so, when we think about our own token
usage, uh is it really representative of
all the people out there who have never
touched an agent yet? Uh some people are
still copy and pasting into ChatGPT.
I may be married to one of these people,
and despite how much I tried to get her
to try out agents, she's not let me uh
set her up with it yet. And so, um as a
reminder, uh when we think about helping
people adopt agents, you know, all the
people across the world that we think
could get as much uh excitement and
value as as we do when we run off
parallel agents, let's uh just remember
this quote.
>> [snorts]
>> And um
so, it really boils down to the age-old
problem of a new technology.
And of course, there's tons of history
we can go to to study how people solved
this in the past. We have this really
exciting new thing, but we haven't quite
uh figured out the right ways to
communicate it.
And so for this talk, I'll go back to
the 1700s and we can take some notes
from when James Watt was trying to sell
steam engines.
And at the time he decided that uh a
great use case for his steam engines was
trying to replace a horse gin. And these
are the was the power source of a mill
at the time. So when you're
for uh let's say a brewery and you you
need some power source to to grind your
barley or whatever. I don't know. I'm
not I'm not like a big brewery guy, so I
don't know exactly what how it's made,
but you need a power source and the
power source at the time that was common
was you hooked a horse up to a rotary
arm and the horse walked in a circle and
that's how you generated your power.
Uh and seems crazy today maybe, but um
at the time was commonplace and Watt
thought, you know, it would be much
better than a horse is like a very
efficient machine.
Although he um rightfully acknowledged
that one of the big barriers to adopting
it would be this cognitive dissonance of
trying to tell people who kind of think
in horses, how do you adapt to this to
this uh cold machine that's kind of
intimidating and scary and perhaps uh
somebody's going to say it's going to
solve all your problems, but you you
can't quite see the vision yet. So uh
perhaps that sounds familiar to any of
us working in agents today.
And Watt's solution was that he needed
to understand um the mental model of
these people and specifically to create
a metric that would help him uh give
some baseline of the relative
improvement in efficiency.
And so he literally studied uh horse
gins and tried to get some kind of
armchair measurements of of how is uh
like where the mechanics and the average
um performance of it and eventually came
to a metric called horsepower,
which may sound familiar.
And uh he used this measure to, you
know, this was to quantify the the
general power that the horses were were
um creating at the time and then he
could use that as a basis to show the
multiplier of efficiency that a steam
engine could provide.
And this metric was not very scientific
at the time. It was not necessarily even
accurate, you could say. But the main
thing it did was it communicated an
increase in value and so this led people
who love horses
let them kind of calibrate their
the the efficiency gains that they could
get by by attempting to adopt a steam
engine. So not even necessarily um
what you would get when you use it, but
what would get you over the limit of
trying it out in the first place.
And you know, it's it's it's a pretty
big feat because like although um
he had efficiency on his side with
regards to this metric
you know, let's be honest regardless of
how efficient this was
horses just have
great vibes. So like it's kind of hard
to beat the vibes of horses and so he
knew he had to kind of overcome the
emotion
and actually speak to to something that
gave them an ability to calculate the
ROI.
And oh, sorry. Skipped something.
And so yeah, the the lesson being if
we're not able to give something that is
a tangible ROI for our customers, then
it's very hard for us to communicate
value.
And I think we only need look to our own
industry to see all the examples where
other people in the technology sector
are failing to calculate good ROIs as
well.
And so we might in this room think this
is some sort of solved problem.
But if you look to the other engineers
in the world who are perhaps not as AI
pilled they're theoretically very smart
and should be able to figure out how to
calculate this pretty well, but then you
get these scenarios where people are
blowing through their entire
token budget for a year and they're
blowing through it in in a quarter or
they're like dealing with token
leaderboards and such and so obviously
the incentives haven't quite aligned and
we haven't perhaps got the right measure
of value in terms of the technology
sector itself. And so how then do we end
up scaling past past that and talk to
people who have no idea what we're
talking about, but still try to provide
them um a measure of the like increase
efficiency with agents.
And so right now I think we're kind of
in this doom loop where we're
we're overspending and we're underusing.
Uh this is a term I borrowed from Ramp
um and they have a great blog post on
this. And so it's kind of this vicious
cycle where we're just token maxing and
ourselves into austerity
kind of dropping out of the loop until
we get more FOMO to to get activated
enough to try it again.
And so I think we have to break this
loop and I think the way we do that is
by getting better measures of that will
communicate value.
Some people are obviously on the right
track. There was this chart floating
around on X recently that the Coinbase
Coinbase CEO posted where they hadn't
really started changing the defaults of
what models they will start with and
trying to only save the frontier models
for the hardest tasks and as a result
saw some good
saw AI spend start to diverge from token
usage.
And uh this is a good start. Uh Ramp
also, as I mentioned, has a great blog
post about this. Uh but I think the
problem is still that it's too focused
on tokens.
And tokens are of course uh useful as a
measurement of an internal system, but
at at the end of the day they're just an
output. And so the tokens need to then
be traced very cleanly to an outcome.
So how many
uh bug how many bugs did the tokens uh
how sorry how many um
bugs squashed did the tokens that we
bought um sorry, totally butchered that.
Um how many uh bugs got squashed with
the to with our token spend? How many uh
support requests got closed, etc. So
clean outcomes and then cleanly tying
those to
to progress on our objectives. And so
without uh a very tight measure of ROI,
this becomes very hard to do.
And I think I'll take this further and
um say that it need not even be the the
broader um, technology industry where
it's encountering this problem, but also
many of us in this room perhaps are.
And uh, although we're all probably
enjoying uh, coding with uh, with
various agents and feeling like it it's
it does feel like there's something
there in terms of the increase in
ability and efficiency.
Um, the problem of course is that we're
all kind of dying by a thousand pull
requests. And so, uh, even Anthropic who
has uh, some people on the team have
claimed have solved coding, uh, they
have also admitted that they've not
solved code review. And so, as a result,
um, the the bottleneck is now shifted to
the human review where the efficiency
gains from coding agents aren't quite
are aren't seen yet because we spend
most of the time reviewing the code and
we've not figured out how to scale that
in tandem with uh, the generation of the
code itself.
And so, the bottleneck ends up shifting
to the verification side and thus we
don't have a way to uh, measure value at
scale and uh, to judge quality at at the
same speed. And so, again going back to
the ROI calculations, we generate all
this code, but how do we know uh, we
don't know that enough of it is good to
justify the spend.
And of course, maybe uh, code review was
always flawed, uh, but it's just that
agents are now exposing it for
uh, the are exposing the actual problem.
Um, but I like this quote by Noah Hein
who from a a post about how to solve
code review where he's mentioning
specifically that the assumptions
underneath code review are what's now
being uh, what needs to be revisited.
So, you have to uh, check our priors to
try to figure out a new basis for um,
how we can code review in the age of
agents.
And I'm not going to go into how to
solve code review. I think that's
definitely better uh, a talk that's
better given by somebody else and um, is
totally different subject, but uh, what
I think is important for this talk is
why does code review feel like it is
solvable? And I think that Noah is
hitting on something important here
which is that as a as a culture uh, code
review has a a good uh,
convergence on shared assumptions and
that lets you
um
that lets you measure things at scale
when we can all kind of converge on the
measurement and it becomes somewhat of
clear rubric and so the task at hand now
is we have to adopt we have to adapt
those assumptions for the agentic age.
And so
we can we need to go if we're able to do
that then we can go from execution at
the speed of computer to measurement at
the speed of computer and of course the
measurements need to fit the mental
models of the customers using it.
And
I think the lesson here being that if
you're going to
think of how to build an agent for
something you also have to think about
how do you help the customers build
build or at least create a method for
verifying that the output is good and so
it's not enough to build it we also have
to help them
we also we also also have to help them
get to clear ROI calculations to justify
their spend.
And so this brings me to the idea of
mouse power which could be the
equivalent of horsepower for the agentic
age just as James Watt was able to show
a measure of efficiency relative to the
horses in in the gins in the horse gins
that were the source of power at the
time we perhaps can also figure out how
do we create a baseline of efficiency
for the way we use computers today and
can then demonstrate how much better or
perhaps more performant on certain
vectors an agent could be at that task.
Um and
of course it's not as easy perhaps as
easy a task as he had back then where he
could just study the horse gin cuz it's
not as if we can create some method to
measure cursor movements and like figure
out the delta of how much more efficient
an agent could move them and thus we can
say yeah agents are this much more
performant than humans at these tasks.
Trust me I've I've tried I had Claude
vibe code me this measurement device and
I thought maybe if I can figure out the
movement like the potential movement
across the screen and measure how fast
it went, I could get some clean measure
of mouse power. Uh but of course this is
only joking. Um this is of course um
like a fool's errand because information
space is just way too high dimensional
and so I think mouse power is is never
going to be a metric of course, but it's
more so an idea. Which the idea being if
you're going to sell somebody an agent,
you also have to help them with the with
the rubric of how do we actually verify
that this agent is doing good work and
thus we can uh have a good measure of
saying that these tokens are worth it.
Um so how to do that of course is is
really up to you and I won't be able to
tell you how do you I don't have any
good frameworks for how do you figure
out the right measurements to to help
provide anybody you're building an agent
for. Uh but what I can do is give a
principle uh give an idea that I've been
kicking around which is based um
in information theory. So going back to
Claude Shannon's ideas about measuring
entropy and information.
Uh entropy being uh the uncertainty of a
probability distribution and of course
very much the basis of how we train
agents today.
Things like cross entropy and such uh
being a big factor in determining how
capable an agent is.
Um I think that entropy's an interesting
idea to think through with regards to
not just the performance of an agent,
but also the task that we're setting
them out to to perform on.
And so uh I put together this matrix
which uh it maps on the x-axis axis the
uncertainty in the steps it takes to
perform a task. And so when we're
thinking of building an agent, I think
it's not enough to just think what would
be a valuable task for the agent to do,
but also thinking about how um how much
uncertainty are in the steps to perform
that task itself. So an example would be
uh booking a flight has uh much less
uncertainty than let's say painting a
masterpiece, right? Because you know
there's certain information that has to
be that has to happen in the flight
purchase. There has to be a departing
destination, arriving destination.
There's going to be a seat chosen. It
might be by the person. It might just be
random.
But these things have to happen for that
task to be completed. And on the other
hand, there is the task of like painting
a masterpiece, right? And who knows what
the steps are to that? Maybe you can get
an agent to do it, but it would be very
hard to figure out how we can actually
create a a relatively predictable
pathway to that.
But then on the other axis is the the
uncertainty in the acceptance criteria
itself. So not just can the agent
perform the task, but can we help
somebody actually or is is there
actually a a clean rubric for how it's
graded? And so thinking about ideas on
on these two axes and where they
intersect, perhaps gives us a better
guide for how to build agents and we can
run through a few examples. So if we
look at the at the left side, your right
side.
Yes.
No, you're left as well.
Then
No, last speaker was also a confused
about.
So uh
Yeah, on the left side when uncertainty
in the task steps are low, then it's a
very it's a very predictable outcome or
it's a very predictable pathway to
achieve that goal. And so then, you
know, why would you waste tokens? Just
write a script. On the other side, when
the
the steps to do perform the task are
very high in in uncertainty, then you
you have very unpredictable information.
And so it's probably at risk of being
out of distribution in pre-training and
probably has very sparse rewards for
reinforcement learning. And so perhaps
it's not a a good task for an agent
because it's just much harder to figure
out how to actually model that data.
And so obviously in the middle is is um
is so I'm I think I'm out of time, but
I'm not getting kicked off yet.
So I'll just finish this up quickly. Um
so yeah, in the middle is is probably
the sweet spot, but then on the other
axis,
what's the uncertainty in verifying that
this is actually valuable? So when you
have high uncertainty in the acceptance
criteria, you pretty much are in a spot
where verification is indistinguishable
from execution. So, why would you build
an agent for something that to verify
was useful, a person pretty much has to
do the work again. So, like waste of
tokens obviously.
And then it leaves that that middle area
where you have this interesting
intersection of tasks that are um
they're not too uncertain in that
they or they they have a degree of
uncertainty where they're not great
they're not just a a script or they're
not out of distribution for training,
but they have enough uncertainty to be
interesting, but at the at the same time
they also have a property of being
relatively easy to
validate the
to check the value of them. And so they
become in this place where they kind of
become the shape of an NP-style problem,
which means they're easier to verify
than to execute. And the reason I say
that is because if you can figure out a
pretty repeatable pattern for verifying
their their work, you can actually just
throw agents to that problem as well.
And so of course you don't just build
the agent, you perhaps build the agent
that verifies the work of the agent.
Um and so yeah, this is perhaps this is
a thought starter mostly kind of have
kind of still in the works, so
I'm happy to hear any thoughts on it,
but if with this guidance I hope when
you're building your next agent you can
also figure out how to also build its
mouse power.
And thanks very much.
