UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Teaching LLMs to Speak Spotify — Yves Raimond & Jacqueline Wood, Spotify
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LRIAfng7eA

[music]
Welcome everyone. Um really glad and
thank you Deven for inviting us as well
to talk today. Uh so um uh Jackie and I
are going to present today about making
LLMs speak Spotify and how we turned our
recommendation system on its head to be
LLM native. Uh just a few quick words
about myself. Uh I joined Spotify a year
ago. Before that I was at Google working
on personalization for Google search and
prior to that I was uh working on
personalization at Netflix.
Um all right so let's dive in. Um
first a couple of numbers to describe
the scale of the problem that we have to
solve. Um Spotify has about I was a
little bit sad not to see it on the DAU
by chart because it should be up there
but it has about 760 million uh active
uh users monthly uh in about 184
markets. But one thing that makes uh the
Spotify personalization problem
particularly challenging is the size of
its catalog. Uh so of course you know
Spotify has basically all music ever
published a bit more than 100 million uh
music tracks but it also has a range of
videos, podcasts and audio books as
well. So the matching problem uh is uh
actually surprisingly uh complicated.
So today what we're going to talk about
Jackie and I is basically the extent of
this matching problem and how we uh how
we are solving it. I'm going to talk
about a little bit of history, the new
phase that we're entering and then
Jackie is going to help us uh go into
the guts of the modes as well to
understand how those things are trained
as well. Uh so a little bit on history.
Uh initially Spotify personalization was
really built around curation. So uh
people basically manually assembling
playlists that target specific taste.
And that's still a very common uh use
case on Spotify. Right now we have about
10 billion playlists with many many uh
created every every hour.
Uh then you know Spotify moved into
taking these creation signals and order
signals and moving into recommendations.
So basically being able to turn these uh
creation signals to something that can
be applied at scale. Uh and a great
example of that would be discover weekly
for example that was launched in 2014 as
one of the one of the early like
recommendation use case on on Spotify.
But the phase that we entering now which
uh uh which we're going to talk about in
more details is something that we call
generative personalization where we are
not only solving a matching problem from
the user to the content. We're also
solving the ability to generate an
experience that is interactively and
dynamically shaped around each user.
And that transition from recommendations
to generative personalization involves a
couple of different uh a couple of
different big shifts. One is move from
moving moving from personalization as
guessing uh where basically you have a
ranking algorithms that spits out a
brand ranked list of entities in your
catalog to personalization as reasoning
that can introspect these results and
really try to understand whether that's
indeed the right match for this user in
this particular context.
The other aspect as well is moving from
blackbox algorithms. uh it's very
difficult to fully introspect a
multi-stage ranking system for example
to transparent and steerable
personalization where the user is always
fully in control. So uh basically giving
the ability to these mods to speak and
understand English.
The other thing that these these systems
can do is uh uh not stopping just at
recommending but also generation of
experiences and explaining as well. uh
and we're going to show a couple of
examples of that.
So one example that uh we launched a
couple of years ago uh so pretty early
in that journey was the Spotify DJ. Uh
so the Spotify DJ is something that you
can spin up that will start playing
music for you of course personalized
uh and but one interesting thing about
it is that since last year you can tap
that button on the bottom uh right and
steer it in whatever direction you see
fit. So at any point you can chime in
and let the algorithm know what you want
and it's going to steer the session in
the in in that in that direction.
Uh another example of what we call
generative personalization is uh
showcased in a prompted playlist here
that Deanch showed a little bit earlier
as well. Uh and here you can you
basically have full unfettered access to
the recommendation algorithm that
Spotify has. uh and you can uh prompt it
with very high level prompts or very
detailed prompts. On the left hand side
here, I have a prompt that tells me uh
create me a playlist of bands that are
playing in San Francisco tonight. Uh so
turns out there's a bunch of good shows
if you're excited to check them out. On
the right hand side, you see a prompt
that is asking for a playlist to
accompany me on my run. And what's
interesting with the right hand side as
well is that you will see that the
experience itself gets dynamically
shaped as a function of the request on
the user to be able to introduce itself
and different phases in my run as well.
Uh, another one that I'm really excited
about, we launched it in New Zealand a
couple of months ago and uh, it's coming
soon in more markets is something called
the taste profile. And that basically
gives you the ability to introspect in
natural language what the Spotify
algorithm has understood about you in a
way that you can edit and refine. Uh, so
if you see something that's missing or
something that's wrong. Uh so for
example one of my edit is that all
Disney music are my kids because we have
a bunch of shared devices at home but
please don't recommend that to me that's
not my taste please. Uh and the
algorithm would then take that into
account uh making sure that we never
recommend this this in the wrong
context. Uh and similarly you can also
use the taste profile to share some more
aspiration uh goals as well. Uh so
getting into a new genre, getting into a
new topic, uh learning about a new
language for example, all of these
things can be can be done.
Uh another one that's coming uh soon uh
which we uh announced very recently is
something called personal podcast where
the the the generative personalization
system doesn't stop at just recommending
and ascending experiences but also
generating content as well. In this
particular example, I'm generating a
daily brief that's uh that's generated
on a cadence daily. Uh and I'm going to
uh let it uh tell me about what's
happening in my community.
All right. So now to go into the guts of
it. So there's one big system that
controls like all of these different
applications I mentioned and we call
that internally some the large taste
model. We're not great at naming these
internal things. Um so it has a couple
of properties. One is that it
understands every historical interaction
piece of content on Spotify. Uh it
combines prediction and reasoning to the
point that I mentioned earlier. So not
only guessing but also reasoning layered
on top and it gives users the ability to
shape and generate experiences in real
time. So it's fully steable and
promptable by uh by users. Um and uh as
of today about one in four US premium
subscribers interact with that system on
a daily basis as well. So that's pretty
exciting. Um, one thing that's exciting
as well to uh is that deploying this
system across existing recommendation
surfaces as well also led to some gains.
Uh, we saw gains on autoplay, we saw
gains on podcast discoveries. Uh, we saw
gains on users interacting with DJ
messages as well. So, we saw pretty
pretty sizable gains across the board as
well by deploying the system. On that
note, I'm going to hand it over to
Jackie to talk to us about what's one of
the core component that underpins this
whole system.
Hi everyone, I'm Jackie or Jacqueline, a
staff machine learning engineer at
Spotify. So let's dive a little bit
deeper and talk about how these models
are actually trained at least at
Spotify. So semantic IDs were presented
in the previous talk, but that is how we
are embedding these openweight LLMs with
knowledge of Spotify's catalog. They are
created by taking existing content
embeddings such as podcast episode
embeddings and applying a quantization
algorithm to convert them to a set of
discrete tokens. We then take a
openweight LLM such as Quen and we
modify its vocabulary to add these new
special tokens and then we fine-tune the
model to be able to understand both
natural language as well as these new
special tokens semantic IDs that
represent Spotify catalog entities. So
we can power experiences such as this
where the user can ask in natural
language for a podcast on morality. And
that is passed to the prompt along with
their listening history represented as
semantic IDs. And the model responds
both with a relevant semantic ID podcast
episode
as well as a natural language
description of why they recommended that
to this user.
So how is this model actually trained?
Um we published a paper linked here
uh describing our training paradigm
called NEO which consists of four
distinct stages. The first I already
covered which is the semantic foundation
stage where we construct meaningful
semantic ID tokens and then add them to
an openway LLM's vocabulary.
The second stage we call domain
grounding in which we align these new
semantic ID token embeddings in the
original language embedding space.
We do this by learning a birectional
mapping between semantic ids to text,
text to semantic ids and any
combination.
And we actually freeze the LLM backbone
at this stage and only train the new
semantic ID embeddings. So the original
model weights and embeddings are frozen
and we just learn those new semantic ID
tokens and this helps us to mitigate
catastrophic forgetting of the
pre-trained LLM's core language
abilities.
The third stage we call capability
induction which is multitask instruction
tuning on tasks that Spotify cares about
such as the ones shown here. next item
recommendation retrieval etc.
This is done by unfreezing the whole
model all of its weights and embeddings
and running either full parameter
fine-tuning or Laura fine-tuning on the
multiple Spotify tasks and then there is
an optional fourth stage to do post-
training such as RL fine-tuning etc.
So, how much of a difference does this
four-stage training paradigm actually
make? I'll dive into a few of the
abilations we've done to investigate
this. First, we assessed whether
multitask training is actually hurting
performance by comparing the multitask
model against single task variance. And
we consistently saw that across our
tasks, the multitask model can match or
actually beat the single task
performance indicating that there is
some positive cross-learning happening
across the tasks. This is particularly
noticeable for audiobook
recommendations. If you look here, which
is a new newer content type at Spotify,
demonstrating that these multitask
models can help with cold start entities
by learning from other items in the
catalog such as podcast recommendations,
how to make meaningful audiobook
recommendations.
Then we did some abilations on the
actual training recipe. We evaluated
both dropping the frozen backbone domain
grounding stage altogether
as well as combining the domain
grounding stage with the capability
induction stage in a multitask
instruction tuning stage that those are
rows A and B here in the middle and we
saw for both of those that it degraded
performance but actually the biggest
drop in performance was from using a
randomly initialized backbone instead of
the pre-trained openweight LLM that we
are using. We also evaluated using
continuous pre-training for the domain
grounding stage. And as you can see,
it's it's minimal actual degradation on
the task specific performance.
But where continuous pre-training really
hits us is on the natural language and
world knowledge capabilities of the
pre-trained backbone LLM we are using.
after we do continuous pre-training, it
goes to essentially zero versus if we do
the frozen backbone domain grounding. We
retain all of that core language ability
and are still able to learn the semantic
ids.
I want to call out that these abilations
were done with Quen, but we also
validated that these findings hold with
Llama. So, it is not specific to the
model backbone, but actually the
training paradigm itself.
And then lastly, we did some
investigation on different inference
strategies and their effect on accuracy
versus latency. We tested beam search
with both constrained decoding and not.
And we saw that even without constrained
decoding, we can generate valid semantic
IDs 98% of the time.
Constrained decoding does add a little
latency overhead, but it's also helpful
for specific cases where you want to
target specific types of content, such
as only make new content
recommendations, for example.
We also compared top P sampling to beam
search and saw that top P sampling
pretty significantly hurts our accuracy.
So although beam search is a little more
latency intensive, we decided that
trade-off worked for us.
So what is meaningful about this? There
have been lots of work in the industry
in the space on generative semantic ID
retrieval, toolbased LLM recommenders,
the plum paper, etc. But NEO is actually
the first example of combining all these
capabilities into one system that
understands grounded catalog items, is
naturally language steerable,
can do search, recommendation,
explanation use cases, as well as
low latency tool-free inference at an
industrial scale.
And we are using this in production
today. Um there's a paper linked as well
here for how we're using this to power
podcast discovery.
What we saw is that using a model train
like this, we can break users out of
their habitual patterns and get them to
listen to more unfamiliar content. And
we saw huge wins online with this.
So none of this works without meaningful
evaluations. So I want to talk about
that a little bit as our recommendations
are becoming more generative and
explanatory.
We our original maybe traditional
offline eval metrics are not sufficient.
Yes, they can tell us whether or not the
user interacted with that content, but
they can't tell us whether or not the
user or that recommendation makes sense
for the user, whether the explanation is
accurate, whether it aligns with the
user's intent, etc. So, that's where LLM
judges really shine. But in our work at
Spotify, we really find that you need to
invest in grounding your LLM judges in
meaningful data. so that they can be
reliable
evaluators that align with human
preferences. So, a few examples um for
evaluating the podcast recommendations
that I just mentioned, we create textual
user profiles summarizing the users's
listening history and that is passed to
the LLM as a judge and we saw that this
corresponded with a 75% alignment
between the LLM judge and human
preferences.
Similarly, you can use actual behavioral
signals to ground these LLM judges. So,
for example, for a search task, you can
for a given query, you can take similar
queries and how the user has interacted
with them in the past and pass that to
the model. And we saw that overall it
increased alignment by 5% but on
ambiguous queries it actually increased
alignment by 91%.
Showcasing the value these this
grounding of the LLM judge plays
especially in ambiguous cases where LLM
judges tend to struggle.
Lastly, we used grounded LM judges to
scale up our Cranfield style
collections.
These are evaluation sets that are
constructed by taking candidates from
multiple different sources, creating a
pool, and then using a human to rank
that pool. However, that human ranking
stage is expensive. So, we invested in
significant grounding for our LM as
judge and are able to have an LLM judge
that aligns with uh human system
rankings
with an agreement value of 0.87.
In summary, um like we're going to hear
a lot about today in all the talks,
there is a new era of personalization
among us. this generative
personalization.
And if you want to power language
steerable personalized recommendations
for your user, this is how we taught
openweight LLMs to speak Spotify. Thank
you.
[applause]
>> [music]
