UP主：AI Engineer
标题：From VLM/VLA's to Embodied Agents — Armen Aghajanyan, Perceptron AI
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZcE0HeO-Hc

[music]
Yeah, I guess uh let's get started. I'm
I'm Armen. I'm I'm the co-founder and
CEO of Perceptron. Um, we'll get a
little bit into into what we do, but uh,
primarily what I want to talk about
today is kind of our research stance
that we want to move away from
distinctions between VLMs, VAS, world
models, whatever you want to call it, to
something that we call embodied
foundation models.
So specifically what we what we do at
Perceptron kind of our northstar really
is we want to be able to build physical
AI foundations that give us the ability
to perceive, understand and interact
with the physical world in real time.
And so kind of the the northstar mission
is really to bridge the the physical and
digital world uh worlds fundamentally
meaning that our our goal is kind of
wherever there is a um a device, an
instrument, a robot, a camera, a sensor,
uh we're essentially there providing
intelligence to it.
And specifically when we talk about this
paradigm of being able to perceive,
being able to reason, being able to act,
we view this as kind of a a unification
of uh traditional multimodal modeling.
So I came from fair, I was there for six
years and and and my target there was
really to try to figure out how to scale
up recipes for multimodal models. And so
one of the early things that we we
started working on and we've published a
lot in this domain was around early
fusion. So this concept that you want to
bring in all these modalities as early
as you can and and the real complexity
there is trying to figure out what is
the correct way to actually properly
represent all the different modalities
uh both on the input and on on the
output that you want to be able to
represent holistically and so VLMs have
kind of became the when I talk about
multimodal models um you probably think
of VLM. So this is the ability to take
in some image video and some text and be
able to output some some text
essentially. And there's there's
variations of this. There's there's
models like the ER models, the embodied
reasoning models that are able to output
maybe some grounding points um that are
able to do spatial understanding or
reasoning a little bit better. Then we
have things like VALAS that extend kind
of the output domain apart from just
text to now actions. And these are
traditionally of course continue to be
built on by standard VLM backbones.
Although there's been some efforts to
try to migrate away from uh from VLMs to
things like world models or world action
models, although nothing that's been
super fruitful just yet. And then we get
into kind of more interesting and
complex uh variants of multimodal models
like world models where you essentially
are outputting video uh from some inputs
and the inputs can be either image or
video or honestly image video and and
actions. Um and the last point that I'll
talk about is something recent which we
call semantic world models which is you
don't really output anything but you
learn some type of representation that
you think is useful um in the future.
What we kind of view as an embodied
foundation model is actually uh a
framing that allows you to both to do
the standard perception the embodied
reasoning and then the northstar target
of control all within one model. Um, so
being able to reason across different
sense of modalities on the input and
being able to do kind of most of what I
mentioned on the output all within one
single unified model.
And so very quickly I'm going to talk
about two challenges and these are kind
of fundamental research challenges that
we face and I'll talk about kind of how
our company has approached this um and
and and what other folks are doing in
here as well. So the very first thing is
think about purely if you're going to
try to model something like video like
one hour of video depending on the
representation you might have something
like 1 million visual tokens that are
coming in. The truth is is that there's
not actually any ground truth that you
can use uh effectively, right? So you
can do things like and people have done
this of course like pull out the
transcripts uh predict the transcripts
from the video or or maybe synthetically
label some frames, ask it some questions
and it turns out that this is kind of a
humongous waste, right? So if you think
about what's going into your model, you
have 1 million tokens going in and
you're essentially calculating the loss
on something like you know 2% of all the
tokens that are going in. And so this is
very fundamentally problematic and and
and the truth is is any way you try to
figure out how to fix this, you're
essentially injecting a wrong training
signal. Either the signal is too sparse,
it's too synthetic, or it's too
indiscriminate. And so approaches beyond
just synthetic enrichment have been,
well, let's predict every single pixel.
I mean, true, this is a very dense
signal, but it actually very poorly
allocates attention. there's, you know,
you're comparing a, you're treating a
background pixel with the same degree of
importance as you're treating a gripper
tip or the contact points or the
specific failures or the physics. And so
what we do kind of at Perceptron is, and
this is kind of some of our core IP is
we think about what does a natural
perceptive objective look like? So
specifically, how can I predict the
percepts that we think will matter in in
the future in a very very automatic way.
So, as an example, you might hardcode
something like, well, if you have a
robotic arm, well, the the the tip of
the grippers turns out to be a very
useful percept that you can predict into
the future. And folks have started doing
this. Um, like the Momo app folks from
AI2 have done this. There are other VAS
that have done this. But this is still a
hard-coded percept. So, the question is,
can you figure out an automatic way that
the model semantically is able to learn
this very unique objective? And the
truth is, we have figured out a way. uh
we're not going to share how we do it
here, but this is just kind of hinting
at how we approach the the problem of of
of sparity.
The the second core problem that we've
spent a lot of time focusing on is is
context bloat. So, if you have always on
cameras, if you have robots that don't
necessarily wait, they don't stop,
you're essentially having to reason over
a very very long um very long amount of
tokens. And and so text is relatively
dense and video is relatively sparse.
And so the question is, are there
architectural breakthroughs that are
there in order for you to be able to
deal with this problem problem natively
rather than just trying to on some
synthetic level figure out how to fix
this imbalance?
Um, and so there's a couple of things
that you can do. One kind of core first
principle is you need to start treating
different uh modalities as completely
different. So you can't treat text
tokens as the same as image tokens as
the same as audio or video tokens. So,
one thing that you can start thinking
about doing is focusing on spatial
compression or token compression. And
people do really dumb things and we
started off doing the dumb things and it
does work. You can start thinking about
averaging, you know, patch-wise
representations across a a video or an
image. Um, and you can start getting
some interesting compression rates, you
know, up up up to 10x.
But still, this is relatively of a hack
and there's there's not, you know,
wellused architectural methods to
actually solve this. Um, so what we've
done in in in the last couple of months,
we've released what we think is our
approach to dealing with um varying
degrees of sparity, which is just let
the model figure out what tokens it
should look at and what tokens it
shouldn't look like. And so we released
our data sparse mixture of experts
paper, which essentially allows you to
do this. Um, it allows the model, well,
there's a router in the model allows it
to actually predict what token I should
input, what token I should skip. Um, and
it allows us to do it kind of for free
through all the different layers.
And it turns out that if you just let
the model learn, if you're not actually
hard coding any significant um
architectural priors, um, the model
actually does learn. So if you end up
visualizing the data sparse compute uh
that our models use, you'll actually see
that our models innately learn to start
focusing on very um high density
information or task relevant
information. Um so in in in the upper
right you can kind of see that the model
decides to focus in on the graph which
actually you as a human would also kind
of zoom into because this is likely uh
what's interesting within the figure. Um
and it turns out that even task
dependent um uh task dependent
allocation ends up happening as well. So
if you look at the bottom left if you
just ask you know a very very general
question you're kind of going to see an
attention graph that is throughout the
whole image. So the model just doesn't
know what the proper way to allocate
compute is. At the same time, if you ask
it to do something like, you know,
segment out all the fruit, you can see
that it's going to allocate more tokens
to what it thinks are fruit tokens. And
so this is a very nice and clever trick
that that we use and we've published and
and other folks are starting to use
around embedding priors into the
architecture that are useful to deal
with the sparsity imbalances of your
modalities but not too harsh to the
point that the models aren't actually
learning uh natively.
And so kind of we we put all this
together and you guys might have seen
the release, but we essentially released
our our our model which was uh what we
considered to be the first embodied
foundation model a couple weeks ago. And
this model is essentially frontier um
with respect to Gemini 3.1 Pro. It's
actually better than Gemini embodied
reasoning. Um and it's something like 15
times cheaper. And it's essentially
trained on this one pedibyte data set
that we've collected across uh literally
everything. It's uh from from internet
crawls to to our own custommade training
recipes or synthetic data pipelines. We
have this one one pabyte of data across
text, images, videos, trajectories. And
these trajectories can be very very
general. They can be desktop use
trajectories. It can be playing a video
game trajectory.
And it turns out that once you start
doing these things, very interesting
properties end up emerging. And so the
the biggest property that we kind of saw
which is kind of obvious in retrospect
is that you can actually start thinking
of doing classical CV tasks as being an
agentic task. And so in this case we
essentially reframe detection as an
agentic task. So our model can you know
write code it can it can ask to zoom in
into specific portions. Uh it can change
the contrast. Um and you can actually
see here this is a very hard problem. I
think there's a whole Reddit subreddit
of these problems of trying to find very
hard objects and images. And our models
essentially do this very well, but they
do this in an agentic sense. So this
isn't the this isn't a classical, you
know, detect this one box. This is the
model actually deciding that it needs to
tile things up. It needs to change the
contrast. It proposes a box here. I
think here it yeah uh increases contrast
and it can find the bird. So again, very
hard to do if if like even for a human
and humans are very good at perceptive
tasks. This is a relatively tough thing
to do. And this all comes from just
having natively embodied models that
actually understand how to look at
different modalities.
And so following up kind of how does
this relate to the general physical AI
stance around robotics? So I kind of
stole this slide from from GDM folks.
And so one thing we've we're starting to
see from kind of robotics um u agentic
systems is this separation between what
we call kind of embodied reasoning
models or orchestrators and tactile
policy models. You can think of problems
as like you know if I have a if if I'm
making coffee and that takes me three
minutes to do I mean one thing I can do
is try to force my whole you know VLA to
try to figure out how to do this
individual task or what I can do is I
can have an orchestrator model that
breaks up this tasks into subtasks and
there's a tactile control policy that's
running on top and there's kind of a
full spectrum between you know full VA
only all the way to this kind of agentic
system. Uh but the main thing I'm trying
to highlight is that embodied reasoning
is actually very interesting and complex
problem that is yet to be solved. Um
that being said, our models continue to
be frontier on embodied reasoning. And
because they're frontier, we start
seeing really cool things that we
haven't seen before. Here's a concrete
example of doing very complex egocentric
or not egocentric, but this is robotic
data annotation. And you can kind of see
here the model is jumping around looking
at different portions of the video, uh,
you know, clipping it, figuring out
whether or not the captions are correct,
self-ver uh, self-verifying. And we can
all do this because AR models are fast.
They're significantly cheaper than
anything else that's out there. So, if
you try to do this with Gemini, this
video would probably cost you a couple
of dollars where for us, it's probably
in the sense. Um, and these all kind of
emerged from being able to have these
frontier embodied reasoning capabilities
that we just previously have not seen
from other models.
Um,
okay. Probably going to share the the
biggest research breakthrough that we've
had and I think we'll we'll share more
of this uh in the upcoming weeks
probably on Twitter. Uh, but one thing
that we found is we've we've we've
discovered new scaling laws for embodied
foundation models. So these are models
again that you can jointly do
control-based training, you can do
trajectory training, you can do
perceptive training, you can do embodied
reasoning training. If you just figure
out what the right way to mix this all
together is and the right objectives to
use, you actually start seeing very
interesting levers that you maybe
previously haven't been able to see
before. So the concrete lever that I'll
talk about is this ability to trade um
this ability to trade general video uh
pre-training data for teleop data. So
kind of as we know teleop data is very
expensive. It's on the orders of you
know $100 per hour of data for a hundred
you know dollars I can collect
significantly more video pre-training
data. And so what this graph is showing
is that um if you're just training pure
VA's pure policies there's this band
that you have. So you do actually still
have scaling loss. So you do get
benefits from more and more teop data.
That being said, the benefits are not as
substantial as if you are really
training these unified embodied
foundation models. And so this is what
kind of the bottom bottom half of the
graph is. Uh and the really cool kind of
uh lever that we get is you can
essentially trade 10x uh less teleop
data if you have 10x more video
pre-training data. And so far this is
kind of held for the amount of compute
that our company has. Um and it will be
continuing to to kind of push the fold
on uh how far you can push these
embodied foundation models.
So here's a couple of videos of of a
policy that hopefully will will um we'll
open source one of the smaller models in
a couple of weeks. Uh but this is all
running natively within a single model
that is capable of doing the embodied
reasoning in order to figure out the
task actually is outputting control
tokens. Um you can see it's a little bit
jittery but that's okay. Hopefully it'll
be figured out at scale and you can
actually see very complex tasks that
previously I think would be really tough
for pure VA to do. So I think if you
look at the right hand video, this is
requiring them all to actually read the
title of the book, have the knowledge
about what type of book this is and then
properly allocate it within one of the
bins. Um so this is actually a
multi-step task between perception and
control that is really really tough to
do if you have a kind of a pure
endto-end control model that is not
aware of the different perceptive tasks
that it needs to accomplish in order to
do this task.
Yeah,
it's pretty cool. It also works zero
shot relatively well out of the box. So,
we're excited to get this in the hands
of folks in in a couple of weeks
sometime in July.
Um, yeah, going to leave a couple of
minutes for for for general questions,
but if you guys are interested, let's uh
let's connect. So, one cool thing that
we do with our company is we actually
for a limited set of partners give
access to our Mark1 weights. We give
access to our larger embodied foundation
models weights. So, email me, DM me on
Twitter, uh, whatever is easier. Um, and
then yeah, I'll open up. There's a
couple minutes left for for questions.
>> [applause]
>> these models
and like when I saw
a lot of contss
So can you talk a little bit on that?
>> Yeah, I think it's it's so yeah. So the
question is how are we able to nail
temporal and uh understanding to this
degree? Um it's a good question. I mean
to be honest it's not nailed. So there's
still a lot of work to actually get it
to a place where you can reliably deploy
it. The the core thing is how do you
think about context management? So you
have relatively limited context. So I
think the the the models here have 1
million context, but that's relatively
easy to fit in with the, you know, high
FPS video. And so you have to start
thinking about, are there interesting
things that you can do? I'll throw
something out there. We we used to do
this, but we got past this, but like how
do I think about like uh uh key frames
versus delta frames? How can I manage my
context by training these two off? Um,
and then you start thinking about during
your pre-training objective, how can I
start kind of natively ingesting things
that I think will be useful for the
robotics tasks. Um, so for example, a
very basic thing that even kind of the
the Gemini models used to struggle at, I
think the new ones are pretty good, but
being able to tell cardalities. So like
left and right is very hard to tell if
you do internet scale crawls because no
one on the internet is necessarily
labeling things as, you know, this
object is to the left of this object,
it's below this object. So really
thinking about data distributions early
on gives you this ability relatively
quickly. And it's also like er this type
of embodied reasoning was a very
concrete focus with this which is why I
think we were able to kind of surpass
Gemini ER with relatively less compute.
>> One issue with
sometimes I was wondering whether
you looked
your models are more robust than
>> Yeah. So, probably the coolest
robustness that we've seen is that uh
for VA models specifically, like if you
go and you take one of the Chinese ones
um and you try to fine-tune it for a
specific policy, if you just change the
background of the I don't know, you can
like in the table uh if you change the
the background of the table, the policy
will actually fail. What's really
interesting, if you do this type of
joint perceptive and control modeling,
you're much more robust to these types
of errors or if the light is hitting it
a slightly different way. And I think we
primarily view this as robustness to
background uh in a way that I think
traditional models don't necessarily
have. That being said, I'm not going to
overclaim like uh I mean like it's still
relatively hard. I think if I was going
to go and shine a flashlight into one of
the one of the arms, it's probably not
going to work. Uh but being able to
jointly model these things helps a
significant amount. We also do a lot of
online augmentations. So, so we do
actually, you know, fake um I don't know
um one of the one of the arm cameras
being off, right? We fake uh you know,
sunlight coming in from a certain
direction, right? So, we do these things
during training to improve robustness.
Uh but the big gains come from taking
this early fusion paradigm and then
moving it into the robotics domain.
>> Cool.
uh create knowledge base using the K1
model.
>> Uh oh, knowledge bases. Um it's useful
for like I I mean if you want to caption
images, videos, it's relatively well. We
work with robotics partners for like
very complex egocentric annotation like
this. Um so it's not necessarily
building out an ontology, but being able
to do kind of very deep structured
extraction, I think our models are are
very good at. Yeah. By the way,
everything that I kind of showed here is
kind of public APIs, so you can go play
around with it. The benchmarks are
public. Um, I think I'm out of time.
They're cutting me off. So, uh, I can
talk with folks outside, but thank you
guys.
>> [music]
