UP主：AI Engineer
标题：World Models Need Causality, Not Pretty Pixels — Christopher Manning, Moonlake AI
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Gqg0HVe-AY

[music]
Okay. Hi everyone. [applause]
Um, and thanks a lot for making it down
to the second floor and finding my
session here. Okay. So I'm Chris Manning
and what I want to do today is present
something about Moonlakes's approach to
producing a simulation infrastructure
for practical physical AI. The overall
goal here is that a north star for AI
and actually cognitive science as well
has always been to understand and work
out how to build embodied intelligence.
So today I'm going to tell us about some
of the recent work that we've been doing
at approaching a practical form of
embodied artificial general
intelligence.
But you know I'm not actually going to
start there because uh you know um Swick
said no you shouldn't just do that. Um,
you should have a double slot. And first
of all, since I've got you here today, I
should have people tell you about the
history. You should tell people about
the history of AI and your journey
through it and how you ended up here.
Um, so, uh, sit back, um, get ready for
story time and we're going to have the
really slow build and we're going to
hear about all about the history of AI
for 20 minutes and then we're going to
hear the details about what Moon Lake is
doing. Um, he looks very persuasive
there, doesn't he? Whereas at the time
we were having this conversation, I was
having a very bad hair day. So I had
very little um choice um to agree to
this task. Um so here I am with some
long-term remarks on how did I and all
of us get to this moment from the far
ago days um when AI didn't work. Um so
the very beginning of AI was the
Dartmouth summer research project in
1956. It was for the holding of this um
kind of summer group project was when um
John McCarthy coined the term AI and got
together um this group of people. Um so
that one on the back right there, that's
John McCarthy, there's Minsky and both
most of them look like a real bunch of
geeks as you can see. Um but the
attractive one on right on the right end
is you know my personal hero as more of
a language guy um Claude Shannon.
So this is sort of the start of AI 1956.
It's where the the term AI came from.
But really there's other stuff that came
earlier than 1956.
So really starting in the 40s and early
in the 50s there was work on
cybernetics. So cybernetics sought to
tie together communications control and
feedback in living things and computers.
Um so uh you know kubernetes is really
the same word as cybernetics just less
anglicized um but has very different
meaning. Um yeah so this led to the
earliest work on neural networks and the
perceptron network. So here's Frank
Rosenlat's perceptron um that was you
know predated the term artificial
intelligence and as you can see like in
those days you actually used to wire
neural networks now this modern matrix
multiplication but another thing that
actually started before the term
artificial intelligence and has been my
long-term area of interest is doing
things in natural language processing
and natural language processing
began as machine translation. And so
here we are again in 1954,
two years before the term artificial
intelligence was coined. And here's the
front page of the New York Times. Now,
there's a way in which the front page of
the New York Times in 1954 is
surprisingly reminiscent of the issues
that you see in the front page of the
New York Times um in 2026 because it's
exactly the same issue. President
proposing ending citizenship for people.
Um not much has changed in the um
intervening 75 years. Um allegations of
various kinds of behavior akin to
treason. All sounds very familiar. Um,
but this was the top half of the page.
And if you went down to the bottom half
of the page, um, you found this article.
Russian is turned into English by a fast
electronic, um, translator. A public
demonstration of what's believed to be
the first successful use of a machine to
translate meaningful text from one
language to another took place here
yesterday afternoon. Um, and here's a
little bit of video of showing that
system.
into
one of the first nonmerica
were made that the computer would
replace most human translators.
>> Okay. Um, and we'll come back to that
again in a little bit. Um, but coming
off of the founding of AI, um, by John
McCarthy, fairly soon after that, John
McCarthy moved to Stanford and founded
Stanford Artificial Intelligence, the
Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab,
starting from 1963.
And the original Stanford AI lab was in
this um, building up in the foothills.
Um if you down if you know the South Bay
well um if you've ever been to a
restraero and you look over next to a
restraero um where there's the Portola
pastures um horse area or if you ride a
horse um that's where this AI lab used
to be and that was the site of many of
the um founding um work in artificial
intelligence and also a lot of other
stuff. Um the Stanford AI lab was the
where the very first video game
tournament was played in 1972.
Um now McCarthy himself um was um
mathematical logician and nearly all of
his work was sort of building out these
not notions of mathematical logic but in
his thinking he was very wide ranging
and so he
he liked the idea of how could we build
an embodied artificial general
intelligence and was very happy to sort
of provide the facilities and the money
for other people to start to explore
this. Um so this was the Stanford AI
Labs um very first robot um the Stanford
cart not very fancy um the old um sale
building um but more relevant to what
we're going to talk about today for
simulation infrastructures for AI um was
another robot um Stanford SRRI shaky
robot
>> mach
audio Um, so this was a robot that could
um perceive the environment, move
around, move boxes and so on in the
environment and do things like that.
Okay. And so this sort of started to
explore this idea of having an embodied
in artificial intelligence that had an
understanding of a world and its
environment.
Um, just one little distraction that's
not really about AI. Um, who here has a
connection to Stanford? Stanford
connections. Who here has a connection
to Berkeley? Berkeley connections. Less
Berkeley people. Anybody with a
connection to both places? There are
some people who've been to both of them.
No. Okay. Um, so I just have to put in
my advertisement for early Stanford. Um
if you're an artificial intelligence
person you know the story in the early
days is all Stanford. I mean there you
know there are two different stories I
can tell right you know if you're in the
history of west coast universities
really in the first half of the 20th
century all the prominent stuff was
Berkeley and that Stanford was um this
sort of pokey regional school but once
you get to the second half of the 20th
century which is the era of computers
and AI um it all happened at Stanford um
So that you know if you look at things
like the beginnings of the internet, the
Arpanet, um here it is in 1972
and it connects up some UC campuses,
Berke um UCLA and Santa Barbara and
connects to Stanford, MIT, Harvard, but
no Berkeley. Go ahead to 1980. Um
Berkeley still isn't part of the
internet. you know, it's made it as far
as Hawaii and London and Berkeley is
still not there. Um, and really in all
of this period, there just wasn't AI at
Berkeley. I mean, there was other stuff
that went on at Berkeley, I should be
fair. There was important systems work.
There was ingress database and BSD Unix,
which some of you probably remember if
you have gray hair like me. Um, but you
know, essentially through the 60s and
70s and the first half of the 80s, there
was just no AI at Berkeley. And so AI at
Berkeley really only got underway in
1986
um when two fresh Stanford PhD grads um
Jendra Malik and Stuart Russell um moved
from Stanford um to Berkeley to take up
professorships. Now of course that's 40
years ago now. So, they've had they've
had um AI for a while at Berkeley now,
but not in the old days. Um, if you'd
like to know more about this history of
the old days, um, a couple of years ago,
we actually put together, um, a story of
the first 60 years of, um, AI at
Stanford. Conveniently, um, the 60 years
stopped just before the arrival of chat
GPT and large language models. Um, and
you can, um, find it on YouTube.
Um, okay. So, that was my very brief
potted history of AI. Um, what did I do
for my life? Well, what I did for my
life was to be a natural language
processing person. And so, a natural
language processing that was where we
developed language models. And language
models actually in some form go back a
very very long way. So the first
language model was proposed by Andre
Marov who invented Markoff models right.
So in developing the idea of Markoff
models he actually did it with language
um taking a novel of Pushkin's Eugene
Anagen and developed a character level
language model over that. Um but the
famous thing is then back to Claude
Shannon who we saw earlier who sort of
formalized information theory and
started to build um word and character
engram language models in the late 1940s
which is the dominant stuff that we went
on and using and in particular um then
in 1975
again so back in the sort of early part
of AI um a famous group at IBM Fred
Gelan's group at IBM sort of defined
well they came up with the term language
model that we still use today and they
defined this idea of probabilistic
models of text that could be used as a
basis for all kinds of speech and
natural language processing
applications. So really from very early
on in the speech and NLP tradition,
language models were seen as a central
technology that other people in other
areas of AI and um machine learning just
didn't really know about. And it was
what enabled
um interesting good things to happen
early in speech and various areas of
NLP. So both early speech recognition
systems but also the kind of um machine
translation that you got at Google
starting about 2007. It was considerably
powered by language models. And so I
think there's actually a kind of an
interesting story here of the
development of our modern AI
um sorry which is um slightly different
to the story most people remember which
um is a story that's dominated by the
vision story because the vision sort of
came in most people's head to be seen as
the sort of entry place of neural
networks in a large scale. Um but
nevertheless I'll point out the
limitation of this early work in
language models. It was used for
spelling correction, machine
translation, all of these things. But at
this time, nobody thought of language
models as these were going to solve
artificial intelligence. We still all
bought the old AI story of that we're
going to need memories, knowledge
representations, planning systems,
reasoning systems, all of these classic
AI things.
Yeah. So here's the sort of history of
large language models from an NLP
suspect perspective. So the very first
mention of the term large language
models was in 1998 as far as I can tell.
But you know really that was sort of a
how are we going to store all this text
um to build a model. So the first
interesting um connection of large
language models was in 2000 when Joshua
Benjio and colleagues defined new
probabilistic language models. the first
neural language model. Um, but as you
can see from those stats of 32 million
um token corpus, 31,000word vocabulary,
this was a teeny model because at that
point they just didn't have enough
compute to do anything interesting. Um,
but interestingly as early as 2007
at Google they were able to solve the
compute problem and the data problem.
Um, so most people forget this now, but
in 2007,
um, Google had a language model that was
built on two trillion tokens of text.
So, you know, that's a bit smaller than
the state-of-the-art models now that
might be trained on 15 trillions of
text, but it's actually the same order
of magnitude, right? So we all already
in sort of two decades ago there was the
scale of data and compute to build a
form of language model. The big problem
was they didn't have enough model
flexibility that the kind of modern
powerful neural networks that we use
today hadn't yet been invented.
Um and so it was then only in 2018 that
modern large language models started to
appear using transformers. But the early
versions of those um were back to small
amounts of data. So the early GPT model
only used 3.3 billion tokens. So down
three orders of magnitude in size again.
So we reverted to not enough data. And
then it was eventually only in 2020 with
GPT3 forward that all of those things
came together and language models really
took off as we know about it now.
Um and so that led to this surprising
victory of natural language processing.
I mean it actually gives me a bit of a
laugh um that if in the sort of mass
media if you see a reference to AI these
days with pretty high probability
they're actually going to be talking
about a large language model which
wasn't the way it used to be where NLP
used to be a fairly marginal area of
artificial intelligence. And as we all
know, these large language models have
allowed us to do amazing amazing things.
And so the ability of these systems to
reason and solve complex problems like
math problems is just completely
stunning. I mean, you know, even for
someone like me who's spent my 30 years
working in natural language processing,
I kind of find it hard to believe that
you can pick really difficult math
problems of a kind I certainly could not
solve myself and just feed it into a
large language model and somehow it can
um chunk along doing its test time
thinking and come up with right answers.
I mean it's just been a sort of a
stunning breakthrough from an unexpected
direction. Um so that's been most of my
world but then here we are um now
getting back into the main topic of the
talk of well where are we um why is
embodied artificial general intelligence
a north star that we should be looking
at and the reason for that is even
though it's been so amazing what can be
done with large language models they're
still this textbased description of the
world. And it turns out that you can do
a lot of stuff with a textbased
description of the world. I think it's
true that we can do just way more than
almost anybody believed possible with a
textbased description of the world.
Certainly a lot of prominent people in
robotics and computer vision spent a
decade saying, "Oh, you'll never be able
to do that with a large language model."
where actually we've been able to do a
lot of that with a large language model.
But still at the end of the day um we do
actually want to deal with the world
around us and have artificial
intelligence that can operate in our
world. And so the question is then how
can we build these embodied artificial
general intelligences?
And so gradually I started to um get a
bit more interested in well how can we
start to incorporate the visual world
and I started to look at things like
visual question answering and how you
could connect between um text and then
generative models of visual worlds and
reason about that. And so today I'm
going to be telling you more about how
you can build out that line of work and
be using simulation as a way to start to
approach um embodied artificial general
intelligence. So why do we want
simulation? Um there are sort of two
ways that you can go about um starting
to build intelligent models of the
physical world. One way of doing it is
that you're actually going to directly
learn in the real world. So you can um
set up hardware or collect your YouTube
videos in the real world and start
learning intelligent policies for how to
act. So this was the kind of approach
that was used in Google X's QOP um work
that you've got your um rows of robot
arms that are doing things. you're
recording what they're doing and you're
in the physical world starting to learn
a policy. Um, that's a really unpleasant
way to try and make progress. So, when
people are do making progress in this
kind of world, you're getting about
10,000 hours of teleyop, that means a
human is moving the robot around um data
to start to train a model. um it's not a
very appealing picture. If we want to
start having generally good robotics,
we're just not going to get very far if
we're sort of um chugging along at the
speed of these robots um moving.
But interestingly, if we go back to
Shaky in the 1970s,
Shaky had a different answer. Shaky
said, "Well, we shouldn't just have the
real world that's surrounding us. We
should also have in the robot's head a
world model that has an internal
representation of what the world is
like. So this idea of a world model as
an abstracted internal representation of
the world which can be used for
simulation and planning that's an idea
that goes back to cognitive science. So
it was first proposed by Kenneth Craig
um in the 1940s. So he argued that
humans and other creatures have world
models inside their own heads. Um so um
that they can think about alternatives
and how they're likely to play to play
out and therefore they can think of good
plans um before acting. And so that's
also what we'd like our robots to do is
to have the same kind of abilities. Um
so this was Shaky's world model. So,
Shiki had a kind of a blocks world where
it was actually a grid world as you
might remember from your early AI
textbooks, but it was representing um
what was in different places in the
world and what were the attributes of
different things and it was all stored
in this kind of logical representation
in those days. So how now can we start
um building a 21st century version of an
embodied artificial general
intelligence? And I think the right way
to do it is to work out how to build
good action condition world models. And
today I want to talk about a practical
effective way to build a simulation
infrastructure that can be used um for
as a basis from embodied AGI.
So the idea of a world model is now
normally formalized in terms of
reinforcement learning ideas that what
we do is we have observations of a world
but we assume that underlying those we
have a semantic abstracted
representation of the state of the world
in our head. And what the world model
does is gives us an ability to try and
predict um when an action is taken in
one state, what new state is going to
emerge. And so the crucial thing there
is that the world model is abstracted
and has more semantics. Quite a lot of
the time when people have talked about
world models, they haven't really been
thinking about the abstraction and the
semantics, they've just been talking
about can you produce beautiful
generative AI video. Um so here's um
Genie 3. Um this is kind of a cute
example by Riley Goodside who was the
same person who got a lot of fame in the
early LLM days by being a good prompt
engineer. um and he's now playing around
um here with Genie 3. And you know the
the kind of things you can do with Genie
3, you know, it looks beautiful, it's
wonderful, it's pretty fluid, it seems
great, but you know, most of visual AI
for this period has been just judged by
the pixels. If you've got beautiful
pixels, you've got a beautiful piece of
software, but these pixels are trying to
simulate observations. They don't
actually have or represent any of the
semantics behind the world. And
therefore, they aren't good at realism.
They aren't good for giving a basis to
plan. They aren't good for actually
having a robust simulation
infrastructure of the real world. And so
we want this kind of simulation
infrastructure because with a good
simulator we actually have causal
knowledge of how the world works which
allows us to predict and plan how things
will work in any situation. And so
that's the kind of world um that we're
wanting to have and make available at
Moon Lake. So the starting point is a
real world observation. Um, so given an
image or a bit of video, we want to be
able to interpret this image as an
observation which is always partial of
what's actually in the underlying world.
And then what we want to do is
reconstruct a model of this world which
actually allows us to do stuff in it and
see how it reacts. that this will give
us a basis of being able to work out
causality, work out how to plan and
reason in a repres representation
condition way which gives us the basis
for intelligent robot actions inside
this world.
So what might one do here? Well, the
first thing you can do is take that um
picture and feed it into one of our
well-known um other companies products
and say, "Okay, make a simulation of
this world." Um and so this is what you
get from Marble. And it's a pretty good
simulation of the world. And if what you
want to do is just uh walk around in
this world and see it from different
angles, this works pretty well. Um the
question is is this a good simulation
and whether it's a good simulation
depends on
what problem you want to solve in the
real world. And then is does this give
you sufficient information to solve the
problem in the real world? And if all
you want to do in the real world is to
be able to wander around and see the
view from different angles, then this is
great. We're done. But a lot of the time
what you'd like to do in the real world
is understand the objects are here and
to be able to do things with them.
Right? So there's some objects here.
There's a kettle and there's a box and
there's a cup. But in the marble world,
there's nothing you can actually do with
these things. All you can do is sort of
wander around as a disembodied figure.
Um, and so for a lot of purposes such as
doing things with robotics or other
physically accurate worlds, um, we need
to be able to have more understanding in
our model of the world, a better, more
detailed simulation. And so at Moon
Lake, we're wanting to work out what
people actually want to do with their
simulation, and then to build the kind
of simulation that will power that. So
you might think, oh, I actually want to
be able to move around the objects in
the world. And so that's the kind of
starting point of the kind of thing that
we're trying to do at Moon Lake. So if
we want to um have a world in which we
can move things around then we're saying
okay kind of like um image blaster a
system like that we actually need to
take this world and understand what's in
it and then have objects that can be
manipulated. So we separate out a
background and then objects inside that
background with then being able to sort
of have the background world in a
representation that's similar to marble.
But then in the foreground there are
various kinds of objects that we can
manipulate and move around. Now, well,
that's a start, but um in the previous
picture, um the tea box was always
closed. And we might wonder if you can
open up the tea box and see what's
inside it. Um and well, this is sort of
a part of how observations of a world
are always partial. Um for what we could
see in the actual photo, there was a
closed tea box. We couldn't even see the
tea box very well. How could we possibly
know what's inside it? And well, the
answer to the way we can know what's
inside it in the 21st century is we go
off and do a little bit re of research.
We fire up um getting information um off
the web um in a
a rag style fashion um to work out
what's there. And then we can find
images of this um tea um box on the web
which show it in more detail. They show
a picture of what it's like when it's
open. There are descriptions of it.
Organic luxury tea bag collection,
leather gift box. It gives its size. We
can find all about it. So therefore, we
can build um in our simulation um a tea
box with an understanding of the
contents of that tea box. Well, that's
really good. Um, so how now we have um
the tea box with tea bags inside it. But
if we do nothing else, um, they're just
sort of sitting there and movable. So
we'd like to realize the fact, well,
wait a minute, tea bags you can lift up
and you can take out of a tea box. So
then we need to start having these
teaags also um be objects that are
modeled in our simulation that they have
a size and an ability to be manipulated
as well. Um so how are we doing all of
this? And so a distinctive part of
what's happening at Moon Lake is
building although part of this is in the
world of vision
a lot of what we're doing is actually
back in the world of code. So this is
picking up on the idea um that what's
normally referred to as language models
but these days are really symbolic
models which work on not only human
languages but also math code and things
like that that they that has been just a
very powerful substrate with which to
make progress. And so we are producing
controllable manipulable world models by
generating the controllable parts of
these worlds by putting code under them.
And in particular, um, we can train
these code models using the same kind of
loop engineering that many of you will
have seen, um, with Claude that we're
having a loop where we're writing code
to render objects,
um, and put on that um, diffusionbased
textures, etc. We can then assess how
good our render is against physical
reality and then we can work out the
deviations. We can revise the code and
make better and better um renders of
what goes along. And so that's the way
that so we're building this detailed
action conditional world model so that
we can take actions on the objects in
the world.
Um so that means that we have a kind of
neuros symbolic representation of the
world here and neuros symbolic
representations have a big advantage
that the symbolic representation can be
easily interfaced controlled edited and
maintained in our human world. Um, and
so the message I'd like to give as a
little delta of a message here, um, is
most of you are probably familiar with
Mark Andre's famous statement 15 years
ago, software will eat the world. And
you know, that was mostly right. Um but
I think it wasn't completely right
because it's just not the case that
software ate the physical world. Um it,
you know, a lot of the world went
virtual and um a lot of the world is
inside computers now and yeah it could
eat all of the processes of managing,
counting, supplying all um records of
suppliers, all the stuff that's in the
virtual world. But we hadn't had the
power for software to eat the physical
world. Whereas the hope is with this new
ability of being able to build
verifiable simulations powered by code
of the sort that I've just sketched for
a moment there that this will allow us
to actually have verifiable simulation
which will also eat the physical world.
And so that's the kind of thing we
built. And we can go on from here and um
you know keep on making further steps of
this. Right? So we maybe don't want to
only have tea bags um in foil
containers, but we'd like to be able to
um take them out of the foil container
and we don't we somehow want to actually
get the tea bag inside the cup because
that's a useful step for making tea. And
then of course we also want to have um
the jug of um water which we want to be
able to boil and then be able to pour
that into the tea. Um and once we have a
good world simulator like that, the idea
of this is that we are building in all
of the parts of the simulated world
which will allow effective transfer into
the real world. And it's important to
think about that as to sort of what's
necessary for different kinds of
transfer. And the argument um that I
we'd like to make is that you know
normally uh simulation isn't complete
and accurate in every detail because
there are sort of parts of the world
that are important to you and parts of
the world that aren't important to you.
I mean, this is the same with human
world models, right? That a lot of the
world we're not actually modeling at any
time, but we're modeling the bits of it
that are important to us. And it's
having that control of which things you
need to model and use is what needed
then to give you the actual simulations
that will be allowed to be effectively
used um in the real world. So, what kind
of applications
um is this going to allow us to do? So
the hope is that um rather than having
to collect 10,000 hours of data in by
teley op in the real world, we can
instead build accurate simulations which
will allow transfer to real. So let me
show you the kind of progress that we've
been making on this. So this is um not
highuting robotics um but is the kind of
physical AI that you find everywhere in
the real world that there are things
happening in physical processes um which
you'd like to be able to um understand
and automate. And so in particular, um,
if we're going to realize any of the
dreams of bringing back America as a
great manufacturing economy, it seems
like we have to work out how to be able
to automate much more in the physical
world. Well, um, using the Moonlake AI
technology, what we can then do is say,
so from this short video, we can
automatically produce an accurate
simulation of that world, turning it
into a 3D world with enough detail about
how things move and what objects are in
the world that we can start to build on
this and use it as a basis of simulated
data which transfers refers accurately
to the real world. So we then have this
model which allows us to get 10,000
hours of simulation um for free. And so
on the basis of that um we can then
train up a robotic system that can
operate um to actually um explore what
you can do in this world and learn the
way to operate in the world so it works.
and then we can have the effective and
cheap training of robotic systems.
Okay. Um so that's the story. Um thanks
a lot everyone.
[applause]
And I do have time for questions I
believe.
>> Thank you very much for the
conversation. Um, super deep. My first
question is, would this be applied to
something like the gaming industry and
how could they use it for we're seeing
GTA 6? Everyone is talking about this
new game. Um, I could see a very
application there where you could have
endless interaction with the world model
that they're building. U, have you been
working with the gaming industry at all
or this is more applied to robotics?
>> Um, so yeah, absolutely. Um, another
hugely good area for this is in the
gaming industry. And you know, the real
world is then kind of a virtual world,
but you can have a simulation of your
gaming world um, and then be building
the same kind of embodied intelligence.
And the gaming industry has some really
appealing attributes. Well, you know,
there are millions and millions of game
players, so there's lots of easy data to
collect. Um the people who are gaming
have goals which are fairly clearly
known. So you can sort of learn in a
reinforcement learning loop good ways to
act. And so absolutely one of the
applications that Moon Lake has explored
is in the gaming industry and there's
likely to be more of that. Um but
recently we've been actually
particularly emphasizing physical
infrastructure and doing simulations in
the physical infrastructure world.
>> Thank you so much.
Uh so it's fascinating to me that that
you're turning back to neurosy symbolic
representations and um the part of the
original kind of old school AI involved
a lot of ontology development and
knowledge representation and logic and
representation of that. Do you see a
role for uh deepening the neuros
symbolic representation using kind of
like what we how ontologies have been
developed previously to model um a
representation of the real world? Um and
do you see that as being a kind of an
area of expansion and development for
the type of tools that you're working
in? Yeah, I mean I don't think we're
quite going to go back to old style
ontologies and knowledge bases, but I
mean effectively
that is what we're doing, you know,
apart from it's in new clothing of um
having it being um code that I mean I I
do you know this is an interesting space
and we can talk about it in more general
right there is you know there's sort a
purely neural approach in which your
latent representation of the world is
purely neural and so that's the kind of
thing that the jeoper architecture is
after I mean in some ways that's a good
pure neural approach but on the other
hand that's very hard for humans to
connect to in any way or for other
applications to connect to in any way
and so our bet is that the sort of
practical ical way to have a physical AI
simulation infrastructure for the
foreseeable future is to base it on
symbolic representations.
Taking advantage of sort of the huge
power of code that we see everywhere
around us in the sort of um codeex cla
code era that those kind of symbolic
representations allow um neural eye
systems to reason, plan and do all of
these things excellently well. And so to
some extent yes that will be bringing
back notions like older fashion
knowledge representation.
Mic keeps on.
Hello. Hello. Oh hi. Um so a lot of our
existing um it seems like industrial
robotics use cases or to sort of
automate existing sort of human manual
intensive processes. Um would investment
in
development of like world models would
that allow us to go explore novel new uh
processes or activities where they're
currently not accessible by human labor
or by even the kind of existing um
industrial manufacturing processes that
we have.
>> I mean sure absolutely. Yeah. So for the
example at the end I showed a very old
school um conveyor belt system but I
mean you know we're also in this world
of amazing things happening in humanoid
robotics and for any of the new forms of
robotics automation
other cases you could think about doing
things in space well you'll have exactly
the same problem that You want to train
up AI agents to be able to act in
different scenarios and it's extremely
costly and difficult to do that training
in the real world. Um and it's very hard
when training in the real world to get
out into the sort of tale of rare cases.
I mean you've seen that um for
autonomous driving, right? There's a
reason why autonomous driving kind of
took 20 years to arrive. Um from you
know Stanley breakthroughs of yay
autonomous car wins the race to actually
having Whimos um widely deployed is
because you have this enormous tail and
the way to get out to that tail for all
of these new applications with um
humanoid robotics, space robotics, etc.
is to have good simulation.
>> Hey, uh thank you for your talk. I love
the energy. Uh my question is you showed
a video of water. Uh so is everything
like learned from videos or is like
physics ingrained in anything like for
example does your model know any
physical properties of water like
viscosity, Bernali's laws or like for
example friction. uh for some use cases
like self-driving maybe those things are
like not important right you just need
to know the velocity and stuff but like
for other use cases I would imagine
these physical properties are important
so
>> and we absolutely know physics I mean
this is the sense in which this
neurosyolic approach is you know you
call a conservative approach if you will
you know that this is absolutely using
physics engines and knowledge of physics
um to in its generation and control of
movement, right? That if you're what you
know when you've just started off with
an image of water or and you want to
understand how that's behaves, you're
using a physics model to predict how
it's going to behave.
Okay.
Um I know is there time for Oh, there's
someone else at the mic.
Hi.
>> Hey. Uh, Professor Manning, thank you
for this presentation. Um, I have a
question about seem to row gap. So, I
mean, simulation is great. It's cheap,
is scalable. Um do you have a suggestion
for um how we close the simulation to
real gaps
[snorts] encounter you know like the
like fix part that we are not able to
accurately simulate and like mechanical
tolerancing back latches like all those
things that we are not able to put into
the simulations.
Um yeah so traditionally the problem has
always been the simtoreal gap and the
simtoreal gap seeming too large so that
a lot of the training has had to happen
in the real world
and we believe that the answer to that
is you know effectively claude code loop
we're now in this world in which we can
do neural optimization.
So we can have the simulation
compared to behavior in the real world
with video and we can automatically
learn to shrink the sim to real gap in a
way that just wasn't possible when you
had people trying to handr write a
physics simulation of something.
This this was a great discussion. Thank
you. Um tangential to the question that
was just asked, how do you see like what
do you see the biggest challenges are to
adding like the sociote techchnical
layer, the pieces, the the processes,
the people, the authorities that make
decisions on the objects that you're
looking to simulate. What are the
biggest challenges to developing a
system that has accurate representation?
So for example, if we want to model uh
EV tolls or um doing you know
forecasting of energy at airports uh you
know things like that not necessarily
extending beyond the robotics into these
other um use cases areas.
>> Um yeah that's a great area. Um in all
honesty it's not something we've been um
really dealing with at Moon Lake. Um,
you know, at the there are still some
limitations, but you know, large
language models with their slurping up
of enormous amounts of human behavior
data that they're actually getting
better and better at being able to
simulate how human beings, different
kinds of human beings are going to
behave and react in different
circumstances.
So I think we are starting to approach
the point in which we can have fairly
good human behavior simulators that are
being powered by the knowledge of large
language models and there are a couple
of companies that are now starting to
look at that.
>> Cool. Last question. Yeah.
person over here has one for a long
time. [laughter]
>> Thank you. Um so if you look at um
analog chips for instance right the
physics is understood but as you go
higher up the chemical operations then
the heat and those things are still
people are working on it. So that's not
what you call completely
um understood. Now I'll give you another
example of say I'm looking at kidney
related uh literature and stuff and then
liver related stuff
these things it gives a pretty good
answer the kidney stuff it gives answer
but when you look at the relations
between the two people have somewhere
u doctors have made a link and that's
why you are able to see my take is if we
operated completely in the
latent space and we did not know the
connection connections at a human level.
Can we explore in the latent space
completely and be able to find hidden
connections over there that could
translate into the real world or am I
thinking something crazy?
>> Yeah, I mean absolutely. I mean to the
extent that we have a pretty good
simulation, we can hope to find
surprising discoveries that turn out to
be correct in the simulated world. I
mean, you know, things go both ways,
right? There are also likely to be
things that turn out to be true in the
real world that weren't in our
simulation, right? There's this famous
statement about all models are wrong,
but some models are useful, right? And
that so anybody's world model,
regardless of whether it's the one we're
building or the world model in a human
head, right, they're not always right.
Sometimes we think a person's going to
react in one way and they react in
another way. But nevertheless, a lot of
the time it can let us explore much more
widely and discover new facts and new
connections that we weren't aware of in
the real world.
Okay,
>> awesome. That's a wrap everyone. Thank
you so much, Chris.
