UP主：AI Engineer
标题：From Ingestion to Agents: How AI Teams Build on Document Intelligence — Adit Abraham, Reducto
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0I07YAuF8xA

[music]
Hi. Can everyone hear me? Sweet. We have
a short 20 minutes here and so I wanted
to jump in and get right to it. Uh my
name is De. I'm the co-founder and CEO
of Redducto. Uh and today we wanted to
talk about one of the I think really
practical but maybe less sexy parts of
building agents that actually work in
the real world uh which is data. Um I'm
sure you've seen plenty of talks about
data today. We primarily have focused on
building infrastructure for anybody
working with some of the hardest sources
of data which is unstructured images,
PDFs, spreadsheets, everything that
humans are used to using day-to-day. Uh,
have any of you used Reduct already or
trial it? Cool. Um, I guess helpful
context maybe to start is we're an
agentic document processing platform.
Um, so we help a lot of the world's
leading AI teams build uh both AI
applications and also workflows
depending on what they're trying to do.
Uh, that includes a lot of the AI
natives that you've probably seen today.
It includes the Harveys, the Lores, the
Rogos of the world. Uh, but also some of
the largest enterprises in the world.
And I think that's important context for
what we're going to talk about. Um, we
work with the largest tech companies,
global financial institutions, insurance
orgs, people that have decades worth of
historical data that historically has
been really, really hard to actually use
outside of a demo context. And across
all these companies at this point, we've
processed many billions of documents for
our customers. I've gotten kind of lazy
with that plus symbol at the end, uh,
but the number keeps changing and so
we'll let it sit there. Uh but the main
thing that we've learned across those
and what I wanted to focus on today is
not actually a reduct product itself.
It's the intricacies of what we've
learned that hopefully you can actually
take home and implement in the work that
you're doing as well. Um and I think a
lot of the work that we've done and a
lot of the learnings we've had are in
this sort of broader thematic context of
the scope of AI applications has changed
a lot recently. Uh from just like
information synthesis products to actual
agents doing work. And with that we
found that there are a few things that
are worth talking through. One is
framing the problem itself. Uh the
bottleneck that people face. Uh why PDFs
in particular are hard even though
you've probably seen two dozen different
PDF processing launches on Twitter. Uh
where we find strengths and weaknesses
with different tools. Uh we think
there's a right place in time for
traditional CV versus BLMs. Um and then
more interestingly I think the latter
half of this talk will actually be
focused on the next frontier. uh what
we've seen be possible as a result of
having agents in the loop uh things that
we found as a result of being able to
use harnesses for different types of
tasks uh and our learnings around things
like evaluations uh as you go from rag
to building agent products but I'll
start with the first thing which is
something that I assume has been harped
on a lot if you went to AI engineer a
few years ago the word that you would
have heard in every single talk would
have been rag um and everybody was
building some form of rag application
for a while all applications ations were
really some form of information
synthesis, right? You would pull in
information from some context, whether
that's a perfect prompt or a file that a
user uploaded and you would have
something like a search product. Um,
you'd have enterprise search, you'd have
a chatbot that would do simple question
answer on top of the content and that
was it. But today, the buzzword that
you've probably heard a million times is
agents. Uh, and for those of you that
are engineers, you've probably had cloud
code or similar tool do a lot of your
endto-end work for many, many tasks. And
that same sort of shift is starting to
happen for all sorts of white collar
work. Um, whether you're in finance or
insurance or healthcare, people are
starting to make autonomous decisions.
They're trying to create end-to-end work
products, not just answer questions from
a PDF, but generate and modify PDFs as
well. And that's a very different
framing. the tools that you need, the
problems that you face change a lot
versus just trying to build a retrieval
uh platform.
And the common core for all of this is
it actually ends up being an even more
importance problem to solve for when you
start having these multi-step pipelines.
If you're just doing question answer,
there is obviously a risk that comes
with just answering the question. But
when agents are making multiple
decisions that compound over the course
of a source of files, when they're
pulling in multiple sources of data, the
risk of bad inputs becomes really,
really pervasive in your pipeline. And
that's what we focus on because at the
end of the day, a lot of the value of
language model tools in the real world
only applies in the context to which you
apply that intelligence. And for a lot
of enterprises, data is unstructured, it
is scattered, and it is multimodal. uh
it's not this like cleanly organized
repository. You have random teams and
different organizations that go through
and put things in Google Drive and Box
and wherever else you might have things.
Um you're going to have data for formats
that are unstructured by default. You
don't necessarily know what is in your
corpus of information. And you're going
to have all sorts of downstream problems
that come with that. Um some of the
problems are going to be parsing
extraction accuracy and that definitely
matters. But it's also going to be about
problems like are you retrieving the
right context? It's going to be about
how do you actually interact with that
context and apply modifications to it.
And the thing that you've probably heard
harp on and others in the space is PDFs
are surprisingly still a very hard
problem. Um I don't know if any of you
follow Serge which is a data lab that
works with a lot of the foundation model
companies. uh they have this really
great benchmark called GDP PDF where
even Fable uh like current frontier of
model intelligence is at about 30% on
their benchmark um and it's entirely
predicated on this idea of can we have
models go through and actually make
determinations off of contents that
would be in documents like PDFs uh and
the reason why they're hard I'll come
back to that benchmark in a second is
fundamentally PDFs as a file format are
both very old but were designed in a
very different context I've genuinely
met people that have worked on PDF
processing longer than I've been alive.
Uh I've met the people that worked on
printer drivers for printers to print
PDFs in the early 1990s. And that's what
it was like. You wanted to be able to
represent what was faithfully on the
documents when you originally created it
and have it be printable at the end of
it. A lot of the considerations today
are not around that. Um ultimately what
we want is something like a markdown
representation, something that agents
will effectively reason on. And in the
real world, humans encode so much
context visually. Like the average
financial analyst that is a new grad in
their IB role uh is not going through
and thinking in terms of will agents
consume this deck. They're creating
these really creative slides. I'm sure
you've seen the softbank slides with uh
goose laying eggs. Those details matter,
right? Like a lot of the data that
you're going to reason on is going to be
tabular structures that maybe don't have
clean grid lines and separate out the
merge cells. You're going to have things
like line charts and graphs. You're
going to have messy handwriting that
even I as a human would often struggle
to read. And that's the sort of problem
that you need to solve for if you're
dealing with that long tail.
And we started the company in 2023
because we felt that there was a sort of
step change in what was possible here.
uh for a while as people would think
about any sort of PDF processing
problem, it used to be some modified
version of an NLP pipeline. You do a
simple OCR pass and then you try to
post-process that text. And that worked
when you would have really consistent
layouts, right? Like if you knew that a
W2 is always going to look like a W2,
that's a constrained problem space that
you can template your way around. But
VLMs are interesting because they are
fundamentally horizontal in nature. um
for the first time you can have this
premise of read the document the way
that a human would have. You can have
this premise of we want to address the
longtail. Uh and so we found that they
were incredible for all sorts of things
like handwritten text in a way that
traditional OCR just never was. But the
flip side is that we don't think that
they're a one-sizefits-all solution. And
if you're solving this problem at scale,
if you're a company dealing with
hundreds of millions of documents, there
are all sorts of secondary
considerations like determinism. you
care a lot about the efficiency of your
processing. Uh, and so we find that
there are some things where traditional
CV is actually still really really
strong. And this has been really
underappreciated as autonomous vehicle
research has gotten better. Techniques
like object detection are more
sophisticated than they were a decade
ago. And so we find that subund million
parameter models are really effective
for things like detecting the layout of
a document. Um, you can go really really
far without even needing a large
foundation model. And these are models
that can actually run on CPU. You can
run them at scale. You can make sure
that you understand on a region level
what are the hard things for you to
process. And VLMs introduce this notion
of semantics. You can go through and
actually identify and make correct the
sorts of mistakes that you were likely
to have in your pipeline.
And off of that idea of semantics, uh,
when you're deconstructing this problem
and you have a clear sense of where the
more nuanced things are, if you've
segmented the text on your page and you
understand where the handwriting is, you
can introduce this notion of a sort of
agent in the loop. Whereas historically,
you would have had a human review team
go through and annotate and correct
mistakes. Uh, VLMs can now present this
sort of idea of what we call agentic
OCR. Really for us what that looks like
is if you've ever used you know a tool
like cursor that's applying fast edits
in your IDE there's this notion of
speculative decoding where you're
applying token level edits to your
output. You can apply a similar sort of
principle here uh that is not just you
know sending OCR to Gemini writing a
really pretty prompt asking it nicely to
not deviate too much from the original
because we find that when you're doing
that sort of next token prediction you
introduce net new loss cases where
models that are really intelligent will
start actually correcting things not
faithfully to what was in the document.
They'll see the word total and if the
human made a mistake in that table
models will actually sometimes go
through and add up the values in the
table themselves. What you want is to
correct the token level edits that you
want. Maybe you messed up a period
versus a comma, a zero versus an O.
Those sorts of details really, really
matter. And that's a question of how do
we actually represent what a human would
have seen if they had read that
document.
So the way that we see this is agentic
OCR is almost like that human loop
analogy where you have the first inputs
uh go through with a CD plus VLM parse
but then you have a verification
correction layer that ends up leading to
a high confidence output.
But I mentioned earlier that we don't
see the range of problems as purely just
parsing and extraction. And a lot of
what this looks like is I think it's
important to think through the details
of your pipeline. Even if you have a
great documents to markdown pipeline and
a great example of this is if you've
built any sort of rag platform um you've
probably had some consideration around
things like tables.
There are a lot of things that you can
encode well in something like markdown.
uh but things like this table where the
merge cells actually encode a lot of
meaning. It matters that you're
preserving that sort of structure and
it's not a model limitation. LMS are
incredible at reasoning through like an
HTML structure of the same table, but
you're also wasting a lot of tokens and
that gets expensive quickly. And
obviously on the other end of the
spectrum, you probably don't want to go
through and encode simple tables in HTML
because then you have a lot of HTML tags
that are erroneous. And so what we ended
up doing was looking at this as sort of
like a dynamic problem of when you have
a simple table, great, we can
approximate that data in markdown. When
you have a more complex table, you may
want to use something like HTML. But
it's not only language models that
should be a consideration in your
pipeline. If you're doing anything
related to embedding, you're also going
to have the secondary problem of
retrieval of that context. Right? That
same table that I showed you earlier, if
you look at the HTML representation is
really really messy. The vast majority
of that snippets is just HTML tags. It's
just classifying the structure of the
document. And the unfortunate thing is
whereas in some blanket evals, you might
have contents that is really trying to
do the work for the model and say
exactly what you're looking for. A real
world person does not enumerate the
values in the table. They just say how
did revenue change over time and they
assume that you're going to retrieve the
right table when it's relevant. And
whereas language models can reason
through that text effectively if you're
pulling from a large corpus, we find
that embedding models really struggle to
correlate that natural language human
prompt with this messy blob of HTML tags
and numbers. And so a big thing that you
can do that actually takes very little
effort is creating a representation
that's more so designed for the
embedding model itself. taking the same
table, we're creating a natural language
representation of that table. So you
have the best of both worlds. When
you're actually passing this into the
model for reasoning, you're using the
HTML table representation. And when
you're trying to make sure that you
retrieve the right snippets, you're
using that natural language block.
Off of that, uh there's also this idea
of there's a lot to do that is not just
parsing and extraction. Um, and I think
a lot of the industry's focus has been
on parsing and extraction historically
because we do think that there's a
massive uplift there. And I talked
earlier about the GDF GDP PDF benchmark
which I think is a great illustrative
example of what you can see uh as a
result of improving your data pipeline.
So what we found is that if you take the
same exact benchmark that I mentioned
earlier, uh, unfortunately we couldn't
test it on Fable because our access was
cut. uh but if you test on other models
and you give it both the original PDF
but also a structured representation of
the PDF like the parse results here
across models whether it's Gemini
whether it's anthropic or openi um you
find that you actually improve end LLM
performance just from better inputs and
it's to an extreme where models like GPT
5.5 and opus actually outperform
something like Fable out of the box not
just on an accuracy basis but as a
result of giving better inputs, the
models end up needing to use fewer
reasoning tokens as well. Um, they're
focused less on representing the data
and more on the actual outputs and as a
result they end up driving down latency
and also getting to the correct answer
more quickly. But even once you have
that sort of pipeline and you've gone
through and you've actually inspected
everything in your parsing layer, a lot
of human work is going to require
actually understanding the range of what
you have in your corpus, routing it to
the appropriate pipeline and sort of
decomposing that problem or even at the
end editing and modifying your document.
And so what we tried to do is look at
this as this problem of how do you make
sure that every interaction that a
language model has with a document is as
effective as if a human would have done
it. Um if you're filling out a form, how
do you make sure that you have precision
in where you fill out fields? And a
really good example of this uh on the
orchestration side is I think
classification splitting are a very
underappreciated way to have an LM do
its best work. Obviously, you can just
go through and dump as much context as
you want. And if you're doing a sort of
needle in the haststack test, that might
be fine. But in practice, there is
erosion that you find in quality outside
of just the token economics as a result
of passing in too much. And instead,
what we find is you can get a lot of
headroom by thinking through things like
how do you classify the right documents
to the right sort of pipeline? And even
for large documents, how do you make
sure that you're passing in the snippets
uh that are actually relevant? We see
use cases where people will have things
like paper mail. Uh and these paper mail
packets can be hundreds of pages long.
You don't necessarily know what is going
to be contained within it. Um you might
have issues like a person interle the
content and having the model do that
sort of work is almost like a
distraction from the work that you're
actually trying to achieve which might
be extracting the data from the paper
mail reasoning on it or making a
decision.
Again, uh I mentioned earlier that the
second half I think is the more
interesting piece. Um which is once you
have the sort of initial classification
and splitting layer, you've figured out
sorting. Uh I think the thing that we
are really excited about as a team is
agent harnesses have been this really
really interesting frontier to push past
what canonically used to be hard
unsolved problems. Um one good example
of this that I'll talk about in a second
is things like line charts. uh we work
with many of the largest hedge funds in
the world and things like line charts
historically have been really really
difficult because one they're an imaged
format but two there's a lot of pixel
level granularity that if you're doing
anything with a traditional vision
encoder you're probably going to lose
you're going to get a rough plot of how
revenue trended but you're not going to
get the individual data points and so
we've been thinking through how do we
give agents the ability to have the
right tools to solve for the specific
type of problem that you're looking at
in the case of chart extraction the
chart on the left encodes codes a
massive table of data. If you actually
went through and tried to plot every
single pixel, it would be really really
difficult. U but it would also be hard
for a model to even approximate the
intricacies of the lines in between. And
there's no model that out of the box can
do this as a singleshot problem. What
you're seeing on the right is a
reconstruction of the markdown table
that we're able to generate off of the
initial line chart. And the only way
that we were able to get there was to
have an agent with all sorts of tools.
It has its own code interpreter. It has
the ability to visualize the chart that
it's generating. And it's iteratively
going through. It's finding mistakes in
the line chart again and again and again
until it's able to get to the final
output. That applies for problems like
structured extraction as well where for
a while we've had this documents to
structured output feature. Uh but you
can really take it a step further by
having an agent harness around that same
sort of task. You can have a parent
agent go through set validation criteria
for sub agents to follow. Uh and this
means that if you have something like a
CBP form with tens of thousands of
fields, that's the sort of problem where
you end up finding a lot of issues that
are silent in nature like you drop
content, you drop rows and micro one
actually released a really good
benchmark in the space this morning
where there's this like bifurcation in
the market. Uh Frontier models with Max
Reasoning are really really precise.
Like provided that they extracted a row,
odds are it's not a hallucinated row
like they actually got it correct. but
they silently drop a lot of the contents
across the benchmark. Uh recall really
really struggles. On the flip side, a
lot of dedicated document processing
services are actually behind frontier
models from a precision perspective, but
close that gap on a recall perspective.
And so there's always been this sort of
trade-off and it was only with an agent
harness that we were able to find that
sort of local maximum of both precision
and also recall for this sort of task.
The last thing and maybe the most
important thing from this talk uh is
that I think at the end of the day eval
should underpin all of your decisions
and it's been a big part of how we think
about our product. Um that applies both
to off-the-shelf data sets that you eval
against but also to things like
real-time production monitoring because
your production data is going to differ
from whatever else you have in your
contrived set. And I really think it's
important to think of eval not as just
this like macrolevel view, but also the
best teams that we work with look at
eval on a granular level for each step
of their pipeline. Uh the first thing
might be that you want to make sure that
the inputs to your pipeline are great.
And of course, you should eval things
like your parsing pipeline. But even
perfect parsing with a horrible
retrieval pipeline is not going to help
if you're not passing the right context.
And so it's important that you're
thinking through details like your
retrieval pipeline, your formatting at
the end of the pipeline, and also
ultimately the most important thing is
are you able to improve end agent
performance.
I'll close off just with a a sense of
where we are headed and where we've seen
the industry head. Uh the most important
thing I think is as agents get better
and better, you can deviate from the
sort of deterministic pipeline that you
would have had a few years ago. Um, a
lot of our customers will actually
create effectively a file system for
their agent to go through and navigate
and let the agent decide what sorts of
tools it wants to use. So, we create a
CLI where instead of people creating a
endto-end pipeline where documents
always follow one specific flow, um, the
agent will decide if it needs to read a
certain type of document and they'll
split that into two sets. Uh, one is a
content field which the agent can read
as it needs to. Uh, but the other is all
the metadata that you would have wanted.
If you're doing things like citations,
you may want bounding boxes, so on and
so forth.
Um, I'll skip this part on editing. I
think there's a lot of interesting work
being done here. We've already released
some of it, but in the next few months,
you will see us look more and more
towards things like document generation.
But the recap for today, and I really
appreciate your time, is one, I highly
recommend that you decompose the parsing
problem. To the extent possible, you
should think of it as the right tool for
the right task so that you can hit that
perimeter frontier of accuracy, cost,
and latency. Two, I think agentic
verification is the biggest step change
that the industry has had for a while
and it's a really good opportunity for
you to make sure that you're building
pipelines that work in production.
Three, I think it takes very little
effort, but there's a lot of headroom
from details like formatting the data
for its consumer. or similar vein, I
think it's really really important to
think about not just the data processing
but the the data orchestration and so
you should always think about tools like
classify and split as a way to augment
your pipeline. Five uh make sure that
you eval at every stage and six think
through what that next frontier looks
like for you because I think most
successful companies in today's era have
deviated a lot from what we used to do
two three years ago. But if you have any
questions uh please feel free to reach
out at any point. My email is just first
namered reductto.ai. Uh and you can also
reach out on our website if we can be
helpful for your use case. Thank you.
