UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Why LLM Recommenders Will Be AI's Biggest Consumer App — Devansh Tandon, Meta
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIgdnF0s0kQ

[music]
Welcome everyone. Thank you for coming
out to the LM Rexus track. Um I'll be
sharing the first talk. Uh my talk is
titled tokens and engagement out
training LM recommenders. Um, and I want
to make two big arguments today. The
first is that recommendation systems
scale just like LMS do and that the
field is very early in that scaling
curve. Um, and the second is that the LM
recommener is going to be one of the
biggest consumer applications of AI.
Um, okay. So, quickly about me. Uh, I
currently work at Meta on research and
product. Uh I lead a team called Meta
Recommendations Research uh which is
this group that's training frontier
models, LLMs and recommenders that power
Instagram, Facebook ads, the meta family
of apps. Uh before this I was at Google
for a long time uh working on a lot of
the key ML teams including deep mind and
YouTube. Last year I gave a talk at AI
engineer called teaching Gemini to speak
YouTube about two ideas semantic IDs and
generative retrieval which we also wrote
two papers about which I've linked here.
Um it was really fun and it led to a lot
of discussions and collaborations. Uh
the ideas behind semantic ID and
generative retrieval have really taken
off in the industry over the last year.
Um and they've moved from more research
to now scaled production systems. And
I've seen exciting launches and papers
from YouTube, Meta, Spotify, Door Dash
across the industry. And we have a
couple of examples of that later today.
This year I want to talk about four uh
sections. Recommendation scaling curves,
a framework of four, recommendation
paradigm scurves that we are climbing as
an industry. um sharing the recommener
recipe and finally this consumer AI app
framework.
Um let's start with scaling curves. So I
wanted to start with this landmark
scaling curve paper from 2020 which
feels like a lifetime ago. This is when
Daario was still at OpenAI and Anthropic
didn't exist yet. But the core idea that
this paper shared is the power law of
scaling. As you increase model size,
data, the amount of compute flops
trained uh for model training, the loss
falls on this log linear scale. And this
clean and predictable curve is what
really set off the race for the AI
frontier because you can forecast what
model quality and capability
improvements will look like. And this is
what's underwriting the massive capex
investments and the AI buildout today.
It turns out that recommendation systems
follow a very similar scaling law. In
fact, before this wave of LLMs, Rexs
were the largest production ML models in
big tech companies. And they're still
some of the largest models that are
served at a scale of a billion plus
daily active users.
And they follow this similar power loss
scaling curve. On the x-axis, you have
data, compute, and model size. And on
the Y ais you would see falling loss or
in this chart uh an improvement in
recommendation quality. In offline evals
it's net entropy or AU gains and then
when it's translated to a real
production launch it's engagement impact
revenue impact at some of the biggest
consumer app scale.
Here's a real example from Meta that
demonstrates these power loss scaling
curves. uh there's a paper the first is
a paper HSTU from 2024 and the second is
a followup from this year both
demonstrate that as we scale model size
compute and data we see this clear
improvement in offline eval of
recommendation quality
scaling curves aren't just academic
research they're driving real product
impact at scale for some of the biggest
consumer businesses in the world here's
a couple of examples I have from Meta's
recent earnings reports. Um, Instagram
reels had a strong quarter, 30%
year-on-year watch time. And,
uh, the optimizations we made to improve
the quality of recommendations included
simplifying our ranking architecture to
enable efficient model scaling and
longer interaction histories to identify
a person's interests.
uh we doubled the length of user
interaction sequences used for training
Instagram and increased the richness of
each user interaction.
So these are direct parallels to the
power loss scaling curves for LLMs.
And I want to introduce this idea of a
flywheel of tokens in engagement out
which is what's powering all of these
Rex model scaling. You train a model.
You then run inference on it which is
the tokens in that recommendation model
results in better content
recommendations. It drives consumer
engagement, daily active users time
spent. It translates to monetization and
ads or subscription which pays for the
next model training run. And so every
step on the scaling curve is one loop
around this flywheel. And a lot of
consumer apps are spinning this core
flywheel at the heart of their business.
So we have a long way to scale these
recommener systems. I want to talk about
the four paradigms that I see the
industry progressing through. The first
scurve was more traditional Rexus where
this scurve focused more on feature
engineering and user and content
embeddings. Most production systems are
still sitting on this curve. they're
running some type of two tower sparse
network rankers scaling the embedding
models. I don't think this curve is
going to go away but model development
here will be accelerated with auto
research and things like feature
engineering will be handled by agents uh
rather than real ML engineers. The next
curve is kind of LM inspired models
where you are scaling models ideally end
to end. HSTU and one wreck papers are
examples in this paradigm. I think this
is
where the leading recommener systems in
the industry are largely operating
today. I think the next scurve will be
this paradigm of LLM native where you
adapt a base model that understands and
can reason uh and adapt it for
recommendation tasks. The tiger and plum
papers are some examples of this
paradigm. And I think the final paradigm
that I start to see emerging is agentic
where LLMs will start to orchestrate Rex
systems in a loop. I think there's a
parallel here with coding agents. So the
LM native models are like improving the
core capabilities of the model going
from opus 45 to 48 versus the agentic
curve will be like improving the coding
harness behind claw code or codeex. Um
and so instead of just having a single
forward pass through the recommener, you
can imagine a loop where agents plan,
retrieve, rank and then critique the
recommendations. They can refine them by
calling models again and finally deliver
the recommendations. This I think is an
interesting area of research. Now
let me jump into
so here here's kind of the framework of
all the four Rex paradigms. I think
companies are scaling across each of
these curves in parallel.
Most of recommendations I think lives in
LM inspired today and is trying to
graduate into LM native. Uh but then a
lot of companies are still using
traditional models uh and climbing that
scurve.
Let me shift gears a bit to share the
recipe of how to actually build a LLM
recommener.
I think it's pretty simple. It's three
steps. Uh you start with tokenizing your
content and creating a language for your
domain.
Then you want to adapt the LLM so that
it understands both English and your
domain language and becomes this
bilingual model. Finally, you can prompt
this model with user information and it
will directly decode recommendations
from your content corpus.
Let's go a bit deeper. This is the LLM
recommener as a five layer cake. Um,
we'll start at the bottom. Uh, that's
semantic ID where you're converting your
content corpus into tokens that the LLM
can understand and reason over. Then you
have kind of the base LLM foundation
model. This can be an open weights model
or an internal first party model. Then
the core training stages. Pre-training
is around bridging English and these
recommener tokens. Post-raining is about
steering the model towards
recommendation tasks like predicting
engagement or reasoning over
recommendations.
And then finally, you can just do some
light surface specific fine-tuning to
deploy it on a product surface. The
exciting thing about this paradigm is
most of the compute is shared across all
of the product surfaces. So you don't
have to train individual models from
scratch for every product surface.
I'll go a bit deeper into each stage for
semantic ids. I think this has seen
incredible adoption. A lot of teams are
just replacing their hash ID with the
SID in traditional models and seeing
good impact. I think there's two big
reasons to tokenize content. The first
is it gives you the stable
representation for models to learn over
rather than a constantly shifting hash
that the model can only memorize. And
the second is compression. You want to
be reasoning over these long sequences
of user interactions. And if you don't
compress the content, for example, a
threeminut Instagram real video would be
10,000 tokens and it will just fill up
the content context window too quickly.
So you have to to compress it into about
10 tokens. And so here I have some
examples of Instagram reels about
tennis. You can see that the semantic
token shares the prefix of the first
three tokens because they're very
similar reels. You can imagine the first
token representing sports um and the
second two tokens representing tennis
and then the final token making these
videos individual.
Once you have a semantic ID, you can
train it to understand both English and
semantic ID. And so the task I have on
the left for pre-training here is an
example of where you prompt with a video
with semantic ID ABC has the description
blank and the output is a shot that was
instantly iconic from Wimbledon. Here
you're teaching the model to connect
these semantic tokens with synthetic
English natural language text. The
example on the right is about reasoning
over sequences of semantic IDs. And so
in a user's interaction history, you can
mask some parts of the sequence and the
model learns to predict them and
understand what videos are watched
together in sequence.
Here I have an example of post training
where we're teaching the model how to
rerank content. So the input is a bunch
of user information and 30 candidate
videos that are then ranked to be the
top five recommendations from this LLM
ranker. What's really interesting here
is that you can see the chain of thought
reasoning of this model. And because
this model knows both English and
recommendations, you can simply just
inspect the model and understand why it
made the decisions that it did. In this
example, the model understands the
user's topic interests like comedy,
food, DIY, wellness. It understands the
engagement style and what creators this
user has an affinity towards.
and then it reranks the content based on
this chain of thought reasoning.
I think this is super exciting because
once you have a model that can
understand both English and
recommendations, it opens up new product
surfaces and new experiences where users
can steer their feed. Here's an example
from your algorithm on Instagram where
users can talk to the algorithm while
they're consuming content. It's a
screenshot from scrolling through reels
or when you click in you can understand
what the Instagram algorithm thinks
about you and your interests and then
you can add or remove interest and talk
to it in natural language. And so we're
going to see this shift I think from
blackbox recommendations algorithms to
giving users more control over their
algorithm and algorithms becoming more
interactive and steerable.
I'm really excited that users can direct
it towards their own goals that's
expressed in language rather than just
likes or comments. Um, and I think this
can this foundation model can also start
to explain its recommendations.
And so for this example, I've added an
interest that I want to follow the FIFA
World Cup at this time. And the model
would get both my user history and this
new input and then be able to decode
recommendations that are personalized to
me like this free cake that Messi scored
recently.
I think these interactive recommenders
are going to be a really interesting new
product surface and we're seeing this
across the industry. We have some
examples of prompted playlists from
Spotify, custom feeds from YouTube, Ask
Door Dash, and we'll be hearing more
from speakers about these.
Um, finally, I want to talk about kind
of the framework of tokens in engagement
out this flywheel that I started with um
of model training, inference, consumer
engagement, and then monetization.
This is actually the same flywheel
that's shared by content feeds and the
AI chat apps. And this is a lens that
you can use to evaluate any consumer
app. What'll make an app successful on
the training ROI side is how well can it
translate compute into a frontier model.
On the inference side, how well can the
inference tokens translate into
engagement and then monetization.
And so if you try to compare content
feeds and AI chat apps, I think that LM
recommenders are actually structurally
more token efficient than the AI chat.
So on the left you have content feeds
like Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok and
YouTube. On the right you have the big
AI chat apps like Gemini, ChatGpt and
Claude.
Content feeds are currently using models
that are around 1 to 10 billion active
parameters. The chat apps are serving
much larger models 10 to 100 billion
active parameters. Um the output for the
content feed is a semantic ID token
which is a pointer or an address to
existing content because the content
supplied on these content feeds is
uploaded by creators. There's a very
healthy creator economy and so the
supply of content is effectively free or
it's uploaded by creators. For the AI
chat apps, they have to decode every
token of content themselves and the
amount of tokens output in every turn of
an LM chat interaction is a few thousand
tokens. Uh, and the the big difference
here is that every token has to be
manufactured by the app at inference
time. And so what that means is if you
compare these two apps on how much
inference cost and compute is spent to
generate an hour of consumer engagement,
there's a huge structural gap where
content feeds are significantly cheaper
up to 100 times or more cheaper than AI
chat apps because they're decoding
pointers to content rather than content
itself.
Um, finally I want to kind of end with
why I think LM Rexus is one of the most
significant consumer AI applications. If
you look at the top apps by daily active
users, these are the top 10 apps. Four
out of 10 of them are content feeds. And
so this is a really significant consumer
uh application. If you look at the
content feeds, almost all of the
consumer app growth on both the
engagement and monetization side is
driven by the recommener and ads models.
And these are going to be entirely
transformed by LLM recommenders.
It's a very large and very token
efficient application of AI for consumer
apps. We're going to see a lot of new
product experiences come through with
steerable and interactive
recommendations, explanation of
recommendations, and just putting more
users in control of their experience on
these apps. I think we're going to see
some really exciting research on
consumer agents and recommendation
agents that come out over the next year
or so. Um and so this is why I think
this is a super exciting area of both
research and product uh at this
intersection of LLM and recommendations.
That's all. Thank you so much.
