UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Skill issue: stop deploying vision language models, use them with Skills — Merve Noyan, Hugging Face
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKcTBQzR7jI

Hello and welcome to this talk on skill
issue. It's actually no longer a skill
issue. So uh by the end of this talk you
will be able to build a lot with the
vision models if you are already not
doing it. So shortly about me, I'm Marv.
Uh I've been working on computer vision
since Lava in the fix times. Uh and
lately I work on more agents and
ondevice stuff because I'm a bit
fascinated and I love vision language
models so much that I even wrote a book
on it. But I don't want developers to
directly use vision language models
anymore. And uh I want every single
developer to start uh building vision
langu vision applications end to end.
And this talk is going to give you like
a good baseline to do so.
And common behaviors I observe with the
developers is the fact that they try to
use vision language models for
everything but they you will never get
real time. And when I mentioned real
time, it's like you have a toaster and
you get like 30 40 fps uh on it like
whatever whether you are building like
image classification, instance
segmentation or whatever.
And um they are not super robust in
terms of like if you were to train like
an RFDTR which Joseph spoke in the I
spoke about in the first talk um it will
always outperform your vision language
model and I'm going to prove it today.
And uh on the right hand side you can
actually see me uh doing stuff with
RFDTR.
Um and another thing is that they don't
read the licenses. Everybody's like
whenever I post something about object
detection, they always ask me about
YOLO. Like YOLO is a good model. Uh but
it's a it has AGPL 3.0 license I think.
And I could swear on my life that there
is like some developers that actually
deploy it without knowing that they have
to pay for it. Um so yeah like uh I want
you to migrate to Apache 2.0 models
today.
And for this I have built something
called web vision and it's kind of
inspired by this post by Mazar.
Basically what he does is that he gives
um SAM 3.1 model as a tool to Gemma 4 to
call and I find it super impressive. Um
and today I built like a tool kit uh
where you can do this with like even
more things.
So I'm kind of distilling myself. Um
first off uh this toolkit has my
favorite models as tools uh so that you
can give it to your agent because your
coding agent is a bit of a clueless
computer vision engineer basically. Um
and when I distill myself basically like
whenever I pick a model I always check
the following. So first up the license
is the biggest priority for me. It has
to be Apache 2.2 MIT or something
non-commercial. Uh secondly uh the
performance has to be on par uh
depending on its size or architectural
choices. So I check from the benchmarks
uh whenever a model from a computer
vision conference comes out and third
vibes obviously
and so this toolkit has a second part to
it and it's a bit like a vibe training
part which is the most exciting part. So
I will go through it first. So I put
myself in developers shoes to build like
a vision application. Um if I have
labeled images easy I can just train a
model or like if I I can give my
computer computer vision agent some
tutorials uh to do that because it's all
out there like we built transformers for
it. Uh but if I have images only I have
to annotate uh and then uh evaluate the
annotations and then just train a model.
But how can you do it on scale? You can
actually use a vision language model as
a labeler and the vision language models
as judge and then train what you want.
But how does this pipeline look like?
So basically I built this and it has
like it has VLM for labeling VLM as a
judge and then training. Uh it's a bit
of a long horizon tasks for coding
agents and it has infra many
infrastructure support. You can do this
locally. You can do this uh remotely. So
basically it runs on hugging face
infrastructure. We have jobs that allow
you to do oneoff batch processing or
training. We also have like a serverless
routing system called inference
providers where you can use multiple
providers and you we also have like
buckets to dump intermediate data on top
of the data set repositories, model
repositories and so on.
Um but what enables this work? First
off, my favorite model, RFDTR, RFDTR
segmentation. I'm currently working on
segmentation at the moment. Um, we have
better agents for long horizon tasks.
Uh, that, you know, you have to babysit
the labeling process, the training
process, etc. Uh, and smaller yet more
capable vision models enable you to
label stuff very cheaply. And also with
transformers we went for V5 refactoring
etc. So like it performs better for
vision models at the moment.
And this is how the pipeline actually
looks like. So first up I label the data
set like I take an image data set like
any image data set. I label that image
data set with Q1 3.59B
and then I pass the labeled data set to
two judges. First one is Gemma 4 E4B
which is like an 8B judge and then the
second one is LFM 2.5VL which is nearly
2B uh it's relatively smaller basically
I checked the research and it's better
to have like an ensemble smaller judges
and on top of it I merged the judgments
so I also checked the research around it
and most of the people ask the VLM or
LLM to assign some score to it but those
scores absolutely absolutely don't work
especially if your models are of
different size with judges. Um and then
I pass it to train RFDTR medium or
large. So I I chatted a bit with Rob
people and they encouraged to use that
and I'm going it it actually works. I'm
going to show you very shortly. U but
how does it work? So you take the
repository and then you just ask it okay
can you train it? Can you do the
training on this data set on hub? And
then it will start like if if the data
set has labels like you can actually
just get to training but if it doesn't
have it you can just uh start annotating
and I basically like the trick is I I
pass the overlaid bounding boxes on
images to the judge. So basically Qan
technically outputs bounding boxes as
tokens. I don't pass them. I just
overlay the bounding boxes and I pass
that image on top of some labels and
label descriptions and I say okay if
this label description has bounding box
on it then just um tell me if you
approve or not and then the judge I I
merge the judge verdicts over minimum
agreement and not consensus which I will
come to why I did that that way and
these label descriptions are also
generated by coding agents. and you just
approve it as a human being.
And the the models that I used in this
pipeline all have Apache 2.0 of licenses
except for LFM model which has type of
license where you are kind of um if you
have like certain amount of revenue
after that you pay for it but you can
comfortably use it it's large and for
the coding agents that are babysitting
this pipeline uh I initially built with
oppus 4.6 uh 8 and then ran the workflow
with the G gl GLM 5.2 2 which is doing a
good job on long horizon tasks to be
honest
and for infra I actually work at hugging
face I have a lot of compute credits and
I'm super impatient in life so like uh I
use a good amount of hardware for
experimentations but I benchmarked it
and overall it takes like three four
dollars if you want to run this entire
pipeline to train models which to me is
crazy initially for Q1 3.5 5 I used
serverless because I was like okay this
is convenient and it's super cheap so I
use deep infra which is super super
cheap if you were to use together it's
better if you do batch processing over
jobs and then for the judging I used
hugging face jobs which cost less and
then for training again I used like an
L4 but the model is super small like
RFDTR is super small and you can just
use something else you can do it locally
if you wanted to. I'm just impatient. I
want a big batch size. So yeah,
and I tested in two problems. First of
the road sign detection. Uh secondly,
document parsing. For the road sign
detection one, I already have the
labels. So like I actually compared
against the ground truth annotations if
my pipeline works or not. And for
document parsing, I actually uh couldn't
do it because basically I use like a
docqa data set and I the problem is like
I want to extract the images, tables, I
don't know signatures and stuff. So it's
like a novel task and I wanted to see if
RFDTR can actually learn it.
So first result it works. So yay. um we
have like a good uh mean average
precision over um 50 um and I compare it
against the basically I have a test set
and I take that test set and pass
through QN and then I compare against
the pseudo notations and the ground root
annotations of that test set there is a
bit of a gap but it's kind of expected
because it's learned from QN and also uh
rock oak is also like a good value to be
frank for like such use case. Um and for
the document parsing it actually
generalizes which to me is crazy.
Basically uh here the trained model
output you can see that it detected the
signature. Meanwhile the QN annotation
of that test set missed it. So I would
like to say it actually generalizes very
well as well. uh but we owe this to like
the how good RFDTR is as a backbone in a
way
and here you can also see how it uh
captures the images technically
um and it's like oneonone
and while I was building this I actually
noticed that I was clueless about
building with vision agents um so I have
bunch of findings around it um so first
up there is a huge judge imbalance so
for depending on the problem. LFM tends
to reject a lot. That's why I couldn't
take the consensus because if I were to
if I were to eliminate everything that
both LFM and Gemma agreed to remove, um
I would left with very very little
number of examples which would leave me
with very poor generalization. So what I
did was that okay, if one of them says
yes, I'm going to take that example and
nevertheless it worked well. If you have
a large data set and if you care about
the recall, I suggest that you take the
consensus or like just observe for
document parsing the gap isn't as big.
And secondly, uh the prompt generation
is a bit hard. So like this is the only
part where as a human you have to
approve uh okay the model generates the
prompts for you for the judge uh and
then you will say okay this I I approve
this because you need to to take it
still take a look at it uh take a look
at your data set a little there's no
escaping that
um and thirdly and this is super
interesting because your co your coding
agent despite no matter how uh good it
is. Like you take OPUS 4.8 which is like
a very good coding agent. Um it's
clueless as a computer vision engineer
as well as it misses common sense. For
instance like it was doing like
horizontal flip over the traffic signs
or it was doing like jitter over the
traffic lights which will definitely
corrupt your data set and break it. So I
patched this later. So you can just say
okay I don't want to augment or I can
augment. So Angular coding agent will
help you with that.
And lastly the second part of this
toolkit is my preferred models as tools.
Um so this repository covers my favorite
models from depth estimation to zero
shot segmentation.
Uh and this is partially powered by
first of hugging face benchmarks uh
which we recently rolled out maybe a few
months ago. Basically every single
basically we have like a benchmark
leaderboard and over there you have the
open models as well as their evaluation
results and you can compare different
models of different sizes. So um I keep
it up to date as well but like also it's
partially powered by me who likes to
read the um computer vision conference
papers.
Um, so I would like to give a shout out
to this model because not a lot of
people know about this. So basically Sam
cannot do open-ended reference se uh
segmentation like you can do like okay
segment this red car and it will do it.
But if you say okay the red car next to
the orange car that is next to the blue
car it will not do that. and Falcon
perception which is a model by TIA um
can actually do it and it's only like
600 million parameters with Apache 2.0
license. So this one does the zero shot
segmentation for me and this is like a
non-exhaustive list. So for posing we
have the sapiance family um for the
human centric tasks where you need to do
human koid detection human um depth
estimation and so on and for zero shot
detection uh I have moon dream 3 and mm
grounding dynino which is like a model
with apache 2.0 license is also very
good. It's very small compared to Moon
Dream. I give you the multiple models in
multiple sizes depending on your
hardware that you can pick like if you
want to go fast just pick the tiny
alternative.
Um for OCR I actually took them from the
OCR benchmark in different sizes and for
depth estimation I actually uh
discovered that the large model doesn't
have a non-commercial license and the
rest of them have it. So you can
actually use it. That one has like an
Apache 2.0 license. And it also comes
with um supervision and tracker support.
They are both uh libraries from Roboflow
that um allow you to do tracking of
instances, bounding boxes and so on
and future plans. So first off, I I
could hear you say, okay, this will
definitely not work for the industry use
cases because industry use cases have
different parts. it has like
nondescribable parts like natural
language is not a good gateway to it. Um
so I think in that sense image guided
detection could help like if you don't
know about image guided detection you
basically have like instance of an image
like a haggi here as an example and then
you ask the model okay detect this
object in this image um across all of
the images. I feel like it could
actually somewhat help in the industry
use cases where you cannot describe it
by like um natural language.
Um as well as I want to try um
intersection over union merger sort of
basically you have like labeled boxes
and then judges boxes like you ask the
judge to actually generate a box and
then you take the intersection over
union instead of asking judge to reject
or accept and I'm working currently
working on the segmentation support
and thanks for listening if you want to
actually learn more so basically I We
have a small vision repository. It has
everything about like fine-tuning
models, quantizing models, multimodel
models, everything around vision. Uh as
well as transformers task guides. We
keep them up to date has many um
tutorials. Um, we also have hugging face
skills that actually have computer
vision specific skills as well as the
infras skills that you can just do like
a one prompt training. Again, um, and
this is my Twitter profile and this repo
is actually at GitHub Marvin uh, vision
intern. I think I have qu um, time for
one question.
Thank you so much.
Yes,
>> you have plans for training.
>> Um, he's asking if I have uh plans to
train train VLMs themselves like a
self-improvement type of thing. That
would be super exciting. But first, I
want to solve this thing of like
developers actually training task
specific models and then deploying on
edge and then that could come perhaps.
Maybe one more. Yes.
>> Um, not really. I don't think so. I just
use the because I wanted because a
coding agent actually has the context. I
wanted it to generate the prompt.
Maybe one more.
Okay. Thank you so much.
