UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Robotics Has Been Stuck for 70 Years — Deepak Pathak, Skild AI
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFHteJjRl8A

[music]
I think uh all of you know here that how
much progress has AI made in the last
five years. Uh seems like it's more than
uh last 100 years of progress. And what
is happening especially in AI is AI came
for language then speech audio video and
everybody's excitement is next is
robotics okay and this excitement has is
going on peak uh this year uh for some
reason which is still beyond my uh
understanding and you can also see uh
leaders like Jensen talking about
physical AI as the next frontier of
robotics. So it seems like if you open
Twitter or LinkedIn, it seems like
robots robotics is already here and
we'll have home robots in our homes
sometime by December uh as uh as it's
being said by multiple people. But I'm
here to highlight that robotics has been
almost here for the last 70 years
[sighs]
now. Those of you who got into robotics
in the last four or five years, go and
take any any any course in robotics and
if you can distinguish the videos in
robotics from 30 years ago versus today,
uh I owe you a dinner. So to give you an
example, let's look at this robot. So
this robot here is an image and the goal
of this robot is to look at this image
of blocks and arrange these blocks in
front of it so that it looks the same
pattern as in the image. Okay, this is
an extremely simple task. But if you
think about this, it's a 3D block. You
have to look at understand 3D from each
side. And the robot can do this pretty
precisely. Any guesses how old this
result is?
Anyone? It's a guess. You can make any
guess. Huh?
>> 40 years. Okay, that's the highest.
[panting]
This is from 1960s. This is way before
there were computers. Uh, okay. So, this
is this is called MIT copy demo. Uh,
this was the start of uh this is this
predates AI. Uh, as you know, today look
at this one.
>> One exhibit at the Nuclear Congress in
Philadelphia has the perfect formula for
>> what's happening here. The guy behind
the scene is controlling these robots, a
leader follower system. And if you look
at any big lab, any big company, any big
academic lab, how they get data, they
use teley operation system, which
follows the exact same principles.
Any guesses for the year for this one?
>> Now, everybody would correct
aggressively on the year, but this is
from 1957, 68 years ago. Okay? Ask
anybody in your family who is older than
actually they may not be around like so
because this is for 60 you have to ask
somebody who is 80 year old what was the
state of technology at that time like
RAM for few KB of RAM you would have a
size of a room uh like this big of a
setup and this is from that time when
people could make it work on not just
this you keep coming back every decade
the videos look as cool like here is
robot a humanoid juggling playing
foosball uh with human and this is also
from you can see this is all they were
all predate deep learning this from 8
years ago so this robot is a result from
Berkeley can clean up the whole table
can arrange items in a in a in a box
this was done by one grad student with a
single GPU machine nothing more than
that okay now this picture of and if I
colorize all these videos from past and
apply genai filter for the modern voice
you cannot tell that this [laughter]
video is from 19657 or this is from
today And these are not even the oldest
results the oldest ones go to 1940s.
Okay. So what is this that if you look
at last 70 years tech every other
technology every other technology has
come way far language understanding
computer vision mobile phone chips why
is robotics is stuck in this primitive
age uh for for this long and the reason
is uh a general brain. Robotics has
always been approached as a hardware
problem from ground up and this the
reason that everything around robotics
has progressed but robotics is still
stuck in the same land from the last 70
years. So there's a very famous paradox
called Morave paradox. I don't know if
you know about Moravec. He was also a
CMU professor and I'm also CMU professor
so have to quote him for sure. He was
one of the founding figures in in AI.
After 30 years of working in robotics he
arrived at a very simple conclusion.
Hard is easy, easy is hard. Okay.
Whatever human believe to be hard is
extremely easy for computers and vice
versa. And you can see it happening
right in front of your eyes. You would
say doing math is hard. Math Olympiad
gold medal is really really hard.
Climbing a stair oh super easy. Now look
around you in technology where we are in
terms of what has been solved and what's
not being solved. So this is robotics
for you. Okay. It's very it is not yet
another application of AI. It is what AI
was founded for in the very beginning
and has made very little progress
towards. This is not yet another
application where deep networks can come
in and attack the field. This is has to
be thought of with fundamentally first
principles from the ground up. This is a
very famous example of where you can
have a you know a computer beat uh Gary
Casper on chess in '90s but you can you
still don't have a a a computer or robot
that can pick up the chess pieces and
arrange them on any chess board. Now,
so how do we go about solving this?
Okay,
so on a more positive note, uh we have a
magic sauce for AI success, right? You
get big data set, you train big models
and magic happens. Okay, now we know
this template is working well very well
in many topics. Okay, now can we apply
the same recipe to robotics? Well, it's
not uh directly applicable because we
have no data. There is no internet of
robotics data and as I said earlier you
can go and collect data uh manually on
the robot called telly operation and as
you notice teley operation is not 5 year
old thing this is a 68 or 70 year old
thing so the the funny part is if you go
back and you look at the whole evolution
of GPD3 GPD4 models go back to GPD3 uh
three years ago seems like a like a
lifetime ago GPD3 only began working and
caught people's attention when you could
train those models on trillions of
tokens. So GPD3 was already trained 30
trillion plus token and today hundreds
of trillions of tokens and if you
collect data by manually by tell
operation it takes you about 1 minute to
get one example. You can do the math if
you hire all of US population it will
take you more than a century to reach
the same scale as of GPD3 uh which is
like uh and nobody uses GP3 today. Okay.
So this is very slow and expensive. So
in robotics I would argue nobody has
really scaled robotics yet and we are
very far from talking about scale in
robotics with the way other uh other
areas have seen scale. Okay so this is
where uh we have been focusing on uh our
scaled is about uh 3 years old but uh I
have been working on the problem for
more than a decade uh that's all I've
done in my career uh nothing else. Uh so
at scale what our thesis is is to build
what we call an omniodied intelligence
any robot any task one brain okay any
robot it can be a humanoid it can be a
quadriped it can be a robotic arm on a
conveyor belt or a dextrous hand doesn't
really matter this even this hypothesis
is way more general than uh one would
argue humans are because we control our
own body and why do we have to go so
general well the argument is in robotics
there there is no data anyway. So I
can't pick and choose which hardware do
I use data from. And we should be able
to use data from any kind of hardware,
any kind of task, any kind of scenario.
And that's the only way to truly achieve
the scale of uh of what language models
achieved uh three years ago. Okay. So
the goal here is this uh this whole idea
of any robot any task one brain. And
through this talk I'll hopefully
convince you why this is the this is the
way to go towards robotics. Okay. So
this is the uh rough intro but before I
go into the more details let me show you
just a teaser result.
So in this result, every single robot uh
it's from a different company, different
hardware and they're all controlled by
uh skilled brain whether it's humanoids
going up and down stairs, any kind of
scenarios.
And these are not new results. They're
like a couple of year old uh results in
here. Robust to dust disturbances.
You can put them zero shot in new
scenarios.
So the idea here any every single robot
in this video takes any action anywhere
in the world the brain behind the scene
[music] improves because it's an
omni-body brain.
>> Yeah, this is really hard right because
like eggs are okay.
So that's a teaser of what we what we
work on. So I want to make this talk
more scientific and more uh more
informative than a company ad. So I'll
talk about uh how do we scale data in
robotics. Okay, let's take a tour back
as to how have people addressed this. uh
I'll take a look back at my own career
and my hypothesis for data has been
changing over the years. Okay. When I
began uh uh working scaling things the
idea was you can have robots you can
collect data for robots manually but it
is too slow and robots should be allowed
to collect data by themselves. So we had
this whole idea of curiositydriven
exploration. Uh allow robots to explore
in a curious way in the environment and
it has a lot of good parts like no human
required. Robots can go and keep playing
collect more data. We called it play
data at the time. It's very rich because
it has force sensors and joint angles.
But the difficulty is it is only in the
physical world. So it's very difficult
to scale. E Google was at it at the
time. Uh h having hundreds of robots.
Even for Google it's too expensive and
too slow to scale. The other idea is
again telly operation. As I said it's an
old idea but again the same issues
impossible to scale because now you
don't need robot you also need humans.
Uh so it's even more expensive and
diversity is very limited because even
if you put a robot in one setup with a
human you can get thousand examples but
they'll all be in the same setup. So
what you ideally want carry the robot to
new home every day in new scenario and
that's just impossibly hard to scale.
Then we had major breakthrough in
learning from simulation. This was one
of the first result where uh one could
show deep reinforcement learning uh
trained in simulation transfer to real
robot. This is one of one of the
award-winning paper uh at the time and
now it's used in every humanoid uh every
company out there. uh this was from our
lab at Berkeley and CMU. But again they
there are pros and cons. It's very easy
to scale but diversity is hard to get
because you have to engineer every scene
in simulation manually. So if you're
listening to this like there is no
single answer I'm coming to. Uh there is
no uh no no uh no single solution. This
is uh another work we did earlier. This
is all before skilled learning from
human videos. You watch the human do
things and then robot copies this. Again
high diversity. You can use videos from
YouTube etc. Highly scalable but it's a
very poor form of data because it's very
far from robot. Okay. So what is the
solution here? The answer is there is no
there is no golden path. You have to
think about data in the context of
different features. And in my opinion
there are only three features that
matter in in robotics.
scalability, diversity and how close you
are to your robot uh uh robot joint
angles. Okay, scalability means can I
quickly scale it across scenarios.
Diversity means can I get diverse data
because just having 100 trillion tokens
is completely useless if they're all in
the same environment and same scenarios.
Okay. And closeness to robot mean how
far are you from the ground truth of
robot own joint angles. So if you look
at simulation very scalable low diverse
uh uh but moderately close to robot
human videos are very scalable and
diverse but very far from robot data you
have to learn to map the human to robot
this other two teleop and the and the
manipulation interfaces they are kind of
in between and you can see here uh right
now around the world if you look at
different companies they're all focusing
on one of these approaches most of them
are on teleop or or yumi setups very few
on everything else and but there There
is no golden answer like they every each
one of them have a downside but the
golden light here is that they are all
complemented to each other like they are
not their cons are not exactly matching
from each other. So this is where uh the
recipe that we have converged to over
the years is to realize
separate the training into two parts
pre-training and post- training but
that's not surprise right but how do we
pre-train you want to pre-train using
data which is highly scalable and
diverse but maybe low quality so
simulation human videos etc. So that's
how you pre-train and then for post
training you use data from telly
operation. Now what is teleoperation
data? It's very high quality but low in
amount. Okay, high quality low in
amount. It exactly reminds us of the
recipe in language models. You pre-train
data on the internet then you post train
for coding for uh uh for your own
company etc.
But in robotics there is one more bucket
which is deployment data and deployment
data is highly scalable once deployment
scaled. So over time this data will take
over everything else. And what we are
trying to build is what we call this
data flywheel which goes which takes
this data from post training time and
puts back in pre-training. And now you
can see why this idea of omniodied brain
is extremely important because this is
very unlikely that you have only one
robot only one version deployed forever
in every task around the world. This
never happens in any area of hardware
except chips because they are very hard
to manufacture. Uh and you can still see
even in the chips uh inference chips are
coming left and right for many companies
these days. So in hardware this is never
the case. you have only one version of
the robot, one shape, which is why
omniodied intelligence is the enabler of
what we call a deployment data flywheel.
Okay, so let's now look at a few results
uh very quick. Now this brain is
extremely general. So we can do variety
of tasks very quickly. You may have you
have se you may have seen many tasks
like laundry folding etc. It's very
popular task in Silicon Valley for some
reason. uh and uh and the and the
argument here is uh when have you ever
thought while folding a t-shirt that if
I miss my hand by 1 cm my t-shirt fold
will be a blunder you don't think like
this people don't even think while
folding they just hold anywhere you just
do something so that the tolerance for
error is extremely extremely high then
why is this task hard
anybody why why do people get why do
people get fooled into believing this
task is
Let me put it that way.
Fabric, right? Why is fabric hard?
Simulation. But nobody's using
simulation anyway. This is all from
telly operation. Why is this hard? You
know why is it hard? Because it is hard
for classical version of robotics.
Classically in robotics, people would
model the whole physics, create models
by hand and then do this. It's very hard
for that. But for deep learning based
robotics, this is the easiest task
possible because it has high tolerance
for error. So it is completely uh now so
many companies focusing on this task.
Now what is hard is I would say
something about like let's say this
task.
If I ask you before seeing this video is
this task doable without having hands
very likely half the people will say no
because it requires putting like how
many of you have lost airports? Uh like
and in our company there's a channel
called right airpod because people keep
losing their right. Now in this case the
robot does not have hand it has gripper.
So here the task is very hard for the
gripper. So it requires a higher level
of intelligence because the arm has to
go and orient itself to pick up the
airpod in the right manner such that it
can be inserted because the grippers can
only close up and like like this.
They're parallejo grippers. So you
cannot turn the uh the the the airpod at
the very end. Now what you are seeing
here these are not real airpods. They
are fake ones from teu uh like $5 $10
each. So they don't have a magnet
inside. So the robot has to really work
hard to put this inside properly because
there is no magnet to pull it uh easily.
So these are all fake uh fake ones. This
is even harder than it appears uh in the
video. You can also uh like once you
build the general brain behind the
scene, you can also go and learn it from
variety of just human videos without
actually having any finetuning data at
tell operation time. So in this scenario
what we did, we trained on human videos
like this like egocentric videos. we are
now trying to transfer it to more third
person uh uh videos and if third person
works you can learn from YouTube any any
kind of open source data. So in this
case we see the video and then we add
less than 1 hour of robot data. So very
quick uh transformation and then the it
can transfer to humanoids. Now these
ones have hands. Hands or no hands is a
big debate. People often use hands as an
excuse as to why robotics is not here
but that's not the case. It's always the
intelligence uh behind the scene.
We don't deploy hands right now because
there are none available which can be
deployed in factories. They all break
within 100 yards. Uh pick anyone.
If you have better hand uh I would love
to buy 10 units ASAP to test. So it's
robust to scenarios. Now the idea is you
can do many tasks by watching humans.
And the reason we can work with very
less data which is less than one hour of
robot data is because robot imagines
things in its own head and tries to
multiply the learning from for many
scenarios. So what you see here is a
completely fake video uh you can call it
robot's dream. So it's inside the
robot's own model where it can imagine
scenarios uh in so this is not real
data. This is all fake uh from own
robot's own model. You can transfer it
to you know more complex task and even
lower cost hardware. So this is a egg uh
uh egg making like omelette making task.
Uh now here the these this whole setup
costs about $4,000. So extremely cheap
arms uh compared to the uh what you see
out there. And if you notice here this
setup is too cheap to even have any
sensors. So the only sensor here is just
a camera. No force nothing else. And the
robot can do task which require forces
uh from vision. Now I'm not saying
that's a future like you should not be
doing this. I'm sure the sensors will
improve but
>> from the existing sensors we are way
behind than where we can be from just
intelligence perspective.
>> Okay. So this can keep on going. This is
my adviser from Berkeley. He did not
believe the robots can do it. He just
kept standing for like uh 1 hour and the
robot kept making omelette. Uh and and
the interesting part here is this is
fully end to end system. There is no
state machine nothing. So the reason
robot is looking egg because there is an
empty plate in the front. I don't know
why it's fluctuating. It's not in the
there's no cut in the video. I I assure
you of that. It's HDMI problem. So as
soon as you remove the plate uh sorry I
don't know why this is happening.
Yeah. So there's no state machine when
the robot starts when the robot ends.
It's all automated and it's very robust
to even disturbances. You can change
objects around. Uh you can add these are
all unseen and unseen objects. Uh only
the pan and the gas stove is same.
Everything else is different and the
robot can keep on going. So you can get
basic robustness. So this was this is
all trained with less than 10 hours of
data. Uh so it's very low data to be
learning this robustness and it's coming
from the base model behind the scene.
I'm skipping uh this in the interest of
time. So unlike traditional robotics
pipelines where you have planning,
mapping etc. This is an end toend brain.
Now end to end is heavily used term in
in many areas of AI. But when I mean end
to end, I really mean end to end. It
reads directly from the cameras and it
applies power directly to motors. So we
use nothing uh in between except just a
P at the very end to go from 100 to 500
Hz. But P is not robotics contribution.
This is before it predates to like World
War II or something. Okay. Now the the
the interesting part is vision for us is
yet another input. So nothing that crazy
about it. So if you have seen, you may
have seen a lot of lot of results of
robots dancing, doing karate, kung fu,
backflip.
Go back and think how many results have
you seen of robots going up and down
stairs. Very few. Like even the top
companies out there in humanoid, they
have not shown beyond one sample stair
just to check the tick tick box. You do.
And people talk about humanoids are
coming, China versus US, all of this is
sort of BS. If humanoids cannot climb
stairs, what's the point of having legs?
All right, that's the only reason why
you have legs. Now, this is actually a
Moex paradox add action. Left one
actually is much easier for a robot. A
backflip, dancing, etc. is much easier
for the robot. And you may think, okay,
why is this paradox exist? Think one
level deeper. When a robot is doing a
back flip, it has to only know about its
own body, nothing else. Right? So it's
and when everything is known or fully
observed that's what computers are good
at because they can do they can simulate
every possible uh uh setup but the right
one even simply climbing on stairs
requires seeing the stair at the first
at the first place or what's the height
what's the width you don't measure
height and width exactly but you adjust
to all the disturbances and that
requires vision so right one requires
understanding and that's why it is hard
and you don't see any of this but for us
it's just get another result it doesn't
really matter so we And uh we put this
result out one and a half year ago. We
shot this like two and a half years ago.
Uh but uh like this robot can go any
scenario. It is not stumbling on things.
It intentionally steps over things and
there is no mapping or planning. It
doesn't make any 3D map of the
surroundings. It's all operating from
camera on the torso. And you can put
this in any kind of setup, any kind of
stairs. Uh I'm going faster here. These
are, you know, uh fire escape stairs.
It's a bit weird. Fire escape stairs are
to be used when there is fire in urgency
and they are the hardest in every
building. Uh so we are testing in all in
all those setups but you can put this in
anywhere you can disturb it and stay
doesn't really matter. This is
superhuman capability because robot
cannot see it's being pulled. So it's a
surprise factor for the robot that
you're pulling the violet while
climbing. And again it's the same model
everywhere in all these scenarios. So
very easy although easy parkour does
look fun uh uh does look fun and people
often find like uh this is uh you know
the robots can do all this but this is
so much easier than what I showed
earlier and even if you see these videos
right now many of you will find this
more impressive even though I'm telling
you this is easy it takes half an hour
to train this while the previous one it
takes much longer uh and much more
difficult to train
so you can take this Based model and you
can transfer to variety of tasks very
quickly. So here this is a very old
result from one and a half year ago uh
for inserting LAN cables etc. We have
very advanced systems now but we are
deploying these models already across
variety of application. So for instance
because to to build the data flywhe the
hardest part is the deployment itself.
There are so many other issues beside
intelligence and hardware that come up
when you deploy robotics. It is not the
same. This is not same same as deploying
chat GP over an app because you have to
work around many of the and I think
Skyio gave a talk before this and they
can talk to you about all day about the
hardness of deployment. So we have to
start deployment now so that we can have
this data flywheel in a foreseeable
future and I'll give you a few examples
of deployment we are doing. So one of
the examples with Nvidia like Nvidia is
opening their first factory in Houston.
uh and their GPUs what you use right now
they're all built outside US in in
Taiwan mainly and it's all done manually
over there and uh humos are really
efficient and really uh really good at
making these things but sustaining cost
and scalability and throughput here in
US it's very hard to maintain without
this labor force so here we are
automating uh this GPU assembly for them
this was we did a live demo in Nvidia
GTC this is deployed in factory already
uh last week so it's already live but
the interesting part I want to highlight
this is a very traditional factory task
but if you look at the the whole setup
this is extremely randomized extremely
noisy and you go to any factory
traditional setup they're extremely
clean so here the robot the same brain
can not only do very precise task it can
be very robust to any kind of
disturbance which means now these robots
do not need to be in a cage uh and they
can be uh just deployed as is on on
these factory lines without any change
to any factory line alongside humans and
wherever there is humans there is mess.
Okay, you can put the same brain to
delivery applications. So here the robot
delivers from the from the truck to the
to the door. It has to find where the
front door is. So it's a common sense
problem. It's not mobility problem. And
we already have been delivering uh
packages to with working behind the
scene with many partners to delivering
packages to front door of the houses uh
in these areas. same setup works across
warehouses and all this. Um now just to
close the talk uh close the topic I
mentioned this is an omnibody brain and
I hope it's very clear why it's
extremely essential to have an omnibody
brain to build data flywheel but there's
one extra benefit and the benefit is
your robots may break over time and uh
or the safety uh scenarios and safety is
a byproduct of this omnibody brain
because if you have a we can put the I'm
just skipping very fast here so you can
see the online this is all online uh but
we can put the same brain across each of
these systems each of these robots
and in this case we did not even train
on these robots. This is completely zero
shot transfer to all these humanoids and
all these things and even if the robot
breaks like here the leg breaks it can
recover within milliseconds because when
your leg breaks your three-legged robot
is a new robot. So it doesn't really
matter what's the shape of the robot is
anything changing here we disabled the
legs of the robot it learns to learn it
learns to walk on two legs in just three
trials. So what you are seeing on screen
is all the training for the robot that
they are that that is happening in these
systems. So it's it adapts in few
milliseconds to uh uh 30 seconds or so.
And like one example here it's it's
going on wheels. You jam the wheel it
starts walking. So this is a another
byproduct of omnibody brain. Safety
takes a very different meaning uh with
these kind of models. when the robot can
fly like or sorry when the robots can
walk or or operate with only half the
body. I removed some of the gory scenes
from this but we also cut the robot in
half and it can still work uh with both
the two halves separately but for that
you can go to YouTube uh and that's all
I have. Thank you.
