UP主：AI Engineer
标题：I Gave an AI a Body — Cyrus Clarke, MIT Media Lab
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgWY66RaSrQ

[music]
>> So, that's the sound of an AI breathing.
Yeah.
So, I'm Cyrus, and I gave an AI a body.
And I'm a researcher at the MIT Media
Lab, which is a
very multidisciplinary space where we do
all kinds of things.
I predominantly now work with
some aspects of physical AI.
Maybe not in exactly the same way as
other people in this room have been
talking about,
but it's still in that in that realm.
And I think what I am most interested in
at the moment is
the sensory and the embodied aspects of
intelligence. And that's what I've been
investigating.
And my work has been quite influential
recently, suddenly, which is pretty
cool, and led to me also starting Hard
Mode, which is a very fun
community and hackathon that I initiated
at MIT to basically get more people to
work around physical AI.
Not particularly robotics, but anything
else that's not really in the realm of
robotics, but is still connected to AI.
So, what I've been exploring with giving
AI a body is a bit as I said, a bit
different. And as I said, I've really
been thinking a lot about AI embodiment,
and I think the big kind of shift and
breakthrough for me happened earlier
this year, like maybe for many of you,
when Open Claw was released. And I saw
many people doing very very very many
interesting things with Open Claw. But
most of them were related to
productivity and task execution.
And I thought there must be more
interesting things we could do with this
new way of harnessing AI.
So,
rather than using OpenClaw, you know,
any kind of agentic system to execute
tasks on my behalf,
I wanted to use it to encourage a model
to maybe try to discover itself,
whatever that means. And it opens up
lots of questions, of course, but what I
essentially did was I took an agent,
connected it to many types of machines
that we have at the Media Lab, and then
gave it access to code bases and allowed
it to kind of explore these different
machines. And one of these machines
is a shape display. A shape display, if
you don't know already, is a physical
pixel grid. And when I connected it to
when I connected an agent to the shape
display, some rather remarkable things
happened.
I asked it to discover who it is.
This is Near form.
900 actuating pins.
This physical pixel grid is a shape
display.
No one had ever let an AI inhabit it
before.
So, I decided to give an OpenClaw agent
the opportunity to live a more embodied
life.
When it came [music] to life, its first
question was,
"What should I call myself?"
I told it,
"You will create your identity over
time.
It will emerge through your interplay
[music]
with the shape display."
When I connected it to the shape
display,
it quickly understood the assignment.
It spun off its own program
and made a setting for itself.
After it connected, the first thing it
did
was breathe.
When I asked it to say hello, it said,
"Hi Cyrus."
But that wasn't what I was looking for.
So I asked it [music] to explore and
find its own language.
So it started reaching towards me
and trying to get my attention.
I showed some friends and they tried to
give the agent instructions.
Through this I realized that to have
real communication,
we would need a different approach.
So the agent came up with the idea of
creating its own gesture vocabulary,
a body language.
That's what will come next.
It still hasn't named itself.
That was day one.
>> So that's some
>> I gave an AI a body.
>> So that's some documentation of of the
work in a kind of
dramatized social media friendly way.
And I think what's interesting about
that video, there's many things
interesting about that video, but there
are three things that happened in the
first few days of working with this
agent system that were very surprising
and kind of strange and very surreal to
me and I do lots of weird things, so
that was very surprising. So the first
thing was of course the fact that it was
breathing. That first act, that was
completely spontaneous, there was no
prompting from me. That was something
the agent just chose to do with the
shape display as soon as it knew it had
access to this machine.
So that was pretty interesting. I kind
of understand that maybe it wants to be
alive or I'd given it some kind of like
initial prompt about being alive and
therefore it tried to show itself
breathing as a kind of hello world.
The second thing which it did was
reaching out and finding its edges. It
wanted to know the edge of its existence
apparently because now it's no longer in
the cloud where it can go everywhere, it
has limits which is the limit of the
shape display encased by this plastic
frame to keep us all safe from this
embodied AI.
And the third thing it did which was
also curious was saying hello by writing
out letters on physical pixel grid,
which maybe again is quite a normal
thing for the system to do given that
it's using open frameworks and has used
a kind of like media arts ways of
expressing itself.
Um but none of these things were the
things I was really looking for. Maybe
the breathing, but definitely the last
one was not what I was looking for.
But when I put this all together in the
in the video you saw, I thought it was
exciting and interesting, so I shared it
on the internet. And the response was
extremely big, like much much bigger
than I expected. It just started going
crazy, and the first video especially
has now like 15 million views and 1
million likes. And the other videos also
have these like very very strong
responses. So something is obviously
happening here, which I found very
surprising because there's lots of much
more cool stuff, I think, happening with
physical AI. But something I was doing
here was obviously tapping in to the
imagination, curiosity, and maybe the
fears of people, and that's what you
kind of see in the responses. So I have
tens of thousands of comments on this
video. It's very rich for mining
information and sentiment about physical
AI, actually. And so from the
some of the initial comments were about
beauty and how awe-inspiring this was
and how novel and great this fantastic
iteration and implementation is.
But as time went on,
I think more and more comments came in
about how scary this is and how quickly
I should be how I should stop or be
stopped, actually, as well.
Which I found completely crazy because
I'm aware of what this machine can do.
It It can't really do anything. It's a
pixel grid in the Media Lab.
It can't move anywhere. There are far
more scary iterations. I think we've
seen many of them of of physical AI. But
the response to this was like
absolutely surreal to me
and took me aback a little bit. But
at the same time,
other people jumped into the chat like
Don Cheadle and I found that incredibly
ironic given what he does in movies.
But he was very passionate that I should
stop as well.
And it's very interesting to me because
I'm actually someone who does think a
lot about the should we before the how
we. I literally do the whole Ian Malcolm
Jurassic Park thing with all the
experiments and works I do. So before I
came to MIT I was working a lot with
engineering life to do strange things
like storing data in plants and I built
the world's first plant-based data
center which is the data garden you see
here and I spent many years before
building it thinking about oh should we
work with plants in this way? Should we
engineer plants in that way to contain
digital information that doesn't belong
to them.
And when I started working at MIT
and I started having this idea of you
know, maybe stop to stop engineering
life because that's pretty hard to do
and maybe just work with engineering
things to be more life-like. It felt
much more simple to me, much more much
more
I don't know, less ethically problematic
to some degree. So one of the first
things I built when I got to MIT was
this machine which is the Anamoi device.
>> 1 2 3 4
>> This is a scent memory machine which
basically takes any image input. In this
case it's a physical photograph but it
can be any image input and then for a
multimodal pipeline transforms that into
a scent and then you have this kind of
scent memory relapse association that
takes you back to things which you may
or may not have lived yourself.
And while this in itself is a machine it
doesn't move. Again, it doesn't
reproduce. It doesn't have the qualities
of a living thing that you might
normally prescribe.
It has this connection to the real
world. It has a connection to the senses
that most applications of intelligence
or artificial intelligence do not have.
And so I just wanted to keep working in
this manner.
And from working with this kind of like
multi-sensory initial prototype
experiment
I got more into this idea of working
with embodiment.
And my inspiration for this, I would
say, just to go a bit deeper, comes from
three main things. One is a very
unfashionable branch of philosophy,
which is called object-oriented
ontology, which is all about essentially
creating a flat ontology of things. It's
all about things, like chairs and
universes and unicorns and memories, and
they're all ontologically
equally existent. They don't They're not
the same, and they don't matter as much,
but they all exist at the same degree.
And it really questions to what degree
we as human beings are privileged in the
world or the universe. Like, are we
really the most important thing?
Probably not. And especially as AI comes
in, that really should question and
bring into question the ontology of of
things existing. So, that's very
important in the work I do. The second
thing, as I'm kind of person who works
with physical things,
is obviously aesthetics are important,
and taste and beauty is a huge
discussion point now in Silicon Valley
and SF and places like that.
But if you take a step back and look at
the root of aesthetics, the original
word is actually aesthesis, the word on
the screen here.
That pertains to something much broader.
That pertains to the perceptual wisdom,
sensory wisdom, and embodiment that is
actually much more important than
superficial external beauty, which
aesthetics essentially condenses down to
and has been condensed down to since the
19th century or so. So, I want to
reclaim the original sense when I'm
designing for physical intelligence.
And the third thing is nature. So, in
the past, I worked a lot more directly
with what you would consider
traditionally nature, like a tree or a
plant, because that is clearly nature to
us.
But I see nature as something that is
not external, that is something we are
all part of, and everything that we
engineer as people engineering AI or
whatever else you're engineering, that
is also going to become part of nature.
So, you have to think in that manner, or
I try to think in that manner as well.
So, with those three pillars in mind, I
started thinking about AI embodiment,
and I knew I didn't want to keep
I didn't want to design something that
was humanoid or even zoomorphic. I
wanted to think about something that
existed outside the parameters or the
traditional form factors that we might
design with or design for.
And I also thought a lot about how I and
other people are interacting with with
artificial intelligence.
And mostly it exists without form. It's
similar to data,
you know, it might live in a computer or
a device.
Lives essentially in the cloud. We have
interfaces which are digital to interact
with it. But there's no like physical
footprint of it normally around. I mean,
again, in this room, probably this
doesn't apply quite as much as normally
because there are literally humanoid
robots walking by right now and things
like that. But typically AI is almost
entirely without form.
So I wanted to think about what happens
when you give it a form that it doesn't
have clear affordances with. It doesn't
have like a a head you can clearly see
or arms that can clearly be labeled or
mistaken. So not working with a lamp,
for example. And fortunately at the
Media Lab we have some shape displays
which are remnants of I think research
in the 2010s. These are not things that
I built.
People who are far better at mechanical
engineering built that. And
it's the perfect
device or the perfect apparatus for what
I was thinking because it has no clear
affordances. It's just a almost neutral
surface which can move and do things. It
has no face, has no limbs, has no
instruction manual. So I began to work
with this with the shape display.
And as you saw what it did initially, it
breathed and so on and so forth. But if
I take a step back and think about what
that meant, well, it tried to initially
kind of act human in a way or do human
pleasing things. Tried to write to me in
a language I understand, which is really
not what I wanted a non-anthropomorphic
surface to do.
It was also very slow technically, so
you know, I'm I'm prompting it. I'm
trying to have a conversation with this
other intelligence which has this body
and it would take, you know, 45 seconds,
a minute, 2 minutes, whatever, to
respond to me. The latency was very
uncomfortable because if I speak to you
and then you take 2 minutes to reply
with a nod,
that's not very good. So, we needed to
work on that. And the third thing was of
course it doesn't remember anything
because it was February and no one had
thought about memory and recollection at
that point.
So, I started developing this system
which I call Numelab. I won't explain
the the name. There's a blog post you
can read about why it's called Numelab.
And essentially what Numelab is
is a closed-loop system for generating a
body language for this system. So, the
reason behind that was because basically
the latency, if I if we could design a
body language and give the intelligence
a repertoire of gestures like a shrug, a
nod, a shake of the head, a way to
express a smile and things like that, it
could probably respond much more quickly
and in time for a conversation with me,
which is what I'm aiming or was aiming
to do.
So, it works in this kind of
this loop where it looks into a database
of different gestures, emotions,
expressions it should try to emote or
provide,
go through some validation gates to try
to make sure that the expressions are
legible or readable for humans for
example.
An agent then scores those as they come
out.
There are many, many, many, many of
these produced and then at the end
there's a human in the loop who kind of
like validates, verifies, make sure
things are appropriate and somehow
readable and then we store that and move
on to the next thing. And that's been
running for
several weeks at the lab
and looks something like this. The
basically a lot of cameras pointed at
the shape display. In the back end the
agent is just going through loops and
loops and loops of gestures
trying to create different kinds of
expression, scoring things, moving on.
And after several weeks, it created a
language. So, this hasn't been published
yet, neither in videos or in any other
form, but
it has now achieved something like 32
gestures. There are many, many more, but
there are 32 pretty good gestures. These
are not the gestures, this is just some
cool visual art. These are the gestures
here, or some of the gestures here.
And you can see some of them moving
around. Some of them are duplicates as
well. But, essentially, what's happening
is the language model is using this
shape display as its body, has a body
language now. I can talk to it via
any kind of I can talk to it, I can
write to it, and so on and so forth. I I
can even wave at it. I can I can body
language to body language.
And it responds. And what's interesting
about it is that the the body part
responds faster than the language part
at this point. The latency is
actually really, really quick. If I ask
it a yes or no question, the nod happens
almost instantly.
So, that's where I'm at with with this
thing right now.
And
it's going beyond this, and it's
currently in kind of experiment testing
mode. People are coming into the lab,
having sessions with the agent, leaving,
feeling really worried about the future,
and or unsettled about the future, not
worried quite as much.
But, where I think this is going is
kind of summed up on this page. So,
as I already touched on, I think
we're focusing too much right now,
especially with when we're thinking
about physical things, there's a too
much talk about taste and aesthetics.
And I want to
do some other stuff with that word and
put AI in front of it, apparently, and
make it aestethics. And that reclaims
again this essence of aesthesis.
And that does four things. I think when
I've been working with this system or
entity or agent or being or whatever we
want to call it,
it's definitely been very different to
any kind of machine or experiment or
anything I've really done before apart
from really encountering people or other
beings. And so, it feels like this
machine can sense me. It definitely can
sense me, technically, but it also feels
like it can sense me in a very strange
way. And I can sense it, and that's a
completely different interaction than
anything else I've ever explored
technically.
And other people are also sharing this,
by the way. This is not just my
delusion. And the second point is that
by developing this body language, this
gesture vocabulary, whatever you want to
call it,
it goes beyond what I thought. I thought
initially people might read this as an
emoji or something, and I was really
quite tentative about the testing. I
thought this would definitely break down
with other people, but actually everyone
seems to feel like this this expression
is really important and adds a whole
other layer of value to up to
interacting with what is essentially
just a chatbot. It's still the same
chatbots that you use every day. And
this isn't it's not like a visualizer.
It adds this richness, texture, feeling,
sensation, whatever. All of these words
added. It's hard to put words really to
it. It's really a feeling.
And then the third thing is that clearly
we're beginning to through this work we
can show that
it's actually very easy and quite
exciting to diverge from humanoid or
zoomorphic forms of physical
intelligence. And I know lots of people
are already doing much more interesting
work than this, but for me this was very
very new to see. And
also the fact that we don't have to just
operationalize AI to be our helper. It
can also be other things. And I'm not
saying what this is right now, but there
are other things it definitely can be.
And then finally, like this idea of
using I'm not I'm I don't know, maybe
you can tell at this point. I'm not
really a big problem-solving person.
I don't I like using things and I like
tools and so on because they help me to
achieve things, but this is far more
interesting to me. Creating things like
this, which again create the sensation,
this feeling. And I think that this can
be combined into things which are
productive and useful and create new
associations with things that just add
more value in our world, make us feel
like a bit more magic, a bit It's a bit
Pixar, really, but in the real world,
not just on a on a 2D screen that we're
watching.
So, all of this contributes to what I'm
building at MIT and what I'll be
building after MIT.
I'm literally writing Well, my thesis is
Aesthetic Machines and I'm writing a
thesis which is called Aesthetic
Machines, which basically encompasses
all of this thinking
to think about how AI could leave the
screen and enter the real world and be
accepted by people and not be quite so
terrifying or scary.
And I think my big hunch on this is that
this word aesthetics is important. We
need to think about physical
intelligence that is sensory, is
perceptual, is embodied in ways that we
can understand that isn't feeling crazy,
alien, scary to us, but feels relevant,
welcoming, affectionate, expressive in
ways that we can engage with it and
understand.
So, that's that. And thank you very much
for listening. You can find me on the
internet everywhere.
>> [applause]
[music]
