UP主：AI Engineer
标题：The Best Models Still Reason Like Toddlers — Andrew Dai, Elorian
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_I8mw8yfns

[music]
Hi, thanks for coming everyone. Um, I'm
the co-founder and CEO of Elorium and
I'm here to talk about some of the
issues with current models, current
frontier models. This includes um Claude
Chat GBD and Gemini um and how they
handle visual problems and um uh this
might be new to some of you who don't
work in the visual space but actually
there's quite a big gap between how
these models handle visual reasoning and
how humans deal with it. And you will
see that we're actually quite far away
from any definition of AGI for visual
reasoning.
So here are some examples of where uh
how easy it is to find where models
break down. And um you can find these
examples yourself. Just takes a few
minutes. Uh in this first example uh we
have a chessboard hallucination and we
give the models um this picture and ask
how many white squares are in the image
and any ordinary person uh who doesn't
hallucinate would probably not say it's
32. So 32 of course the models say this
because they see part of the chessboard
and they hallucinate the complete board
and as a result they give the wrong
number and you see this quite a lot that
models rely a lot current models rely a
lot on pattern matching. That's what
makes them so good at identifying plants
and animals and flowers uh in the real
world. But when it comes to like complex
questions that part hurts them. So the
pattern matching is actively hurting
them in this case. Um so in their in
what's going on in their reasoning is
that oh this is a chess board. Chess
boards all have 32 squares. Therefore
this one must have 32 Y squares too. On
the right example um I'm a big board
game player. Have quite a collection. Um
so you can see there's a a board game
theme going on here. And actually you
can uh reproduce this outside if you
just go to you know outside the talks.
It's a ball game area there. There are
chess boards. Um I will bet if any of
you uh place the pieces in some kind of
random position, no frontier model will
be able to tell you where those pieces
are located, where all those pieces are
located. Um and then another example
here is katan. Um here another very
simple question. How many rows does the
blue player have? Um, these frontier
models think extensively about this
problem. Uh, one response I've seen is
that, oh, the the guy has uh 10 blue
rows off to the side of the board.
Therefore, there must be five uh blue
rows on the can board. Uh, but obviously
that's not true. There's seven if you
actually count. So these models um again
are great at guessing uh great at
pattern matching but they are not very
spatially grounded and they just can't
handle any kind of detailed questions.
Um and then finally um we have this
example where it actually um affects
robots where here you have a robot arm
uh manipulating this uh cup and um uh
cooker basically and the
state-of-the-art models today they miss
the fact that the uh robot arm lifted
the lid um and at the end they also
missed the fact that the robot is
turning on the stove like right now. So
there's uh essentially context amnesia
happening. Um and this is because these
models can't maintain consistency um
across long videos and they very easily
lose track of what's happening. And a
very common question I get is how do you
define a visual reasoning problem versus
a visual understanding problem? Um or
you could say like visual thinking um
compared to visual understanding. I
think a very simple way to do it is just
um ask yourself the same question. If
you looked at an image or a video, how
long would it take you to answer the
question? So uh for example, in both of
these cases, I doubt anyone in this room
would be able to give an answer uh if
they were only allowed one second to
look at the image. So 1 second isn't
enough to do these kind of like complex
questions also called like system two um
kind of thinking in Daniel Canon's book.
But if I asked you what game is this uh
or similarly what flower is this or if
there are only three pieces on the
chessboard if I asked you how many
pieces are there those questions uh I'm
sure all of you would be able to answer
in less than a second and similarly all
the frontier models would get that kind
of question right. So that is the
distinction um that we make between what
is understanding uh what is like pattern
recognition versus what is reasoning
where you actually have to look in
detail at the picture and um look at
various things and this is exactly where
frontier models uh fall apart today. So
as you are designing your own systems uh
that's something to keep in mind keep
these visual tasks very simple otherwise
you will have hallucinations a lot and a
lot of hallucinations
um so uh this leads into evals of course
um frontier models there are already a
bunch of multimodal reasoning evals or
visual reasoning evals some that you
might have heard of is arc agi this is
uh quite often
brought up to um people saying oh we the
frontier models are 85% or 90% on RKGI
therefore we are 90% of the way to a uh
to AGI itself uh but I think these
people they haven't really looked at any
of the benchmark data because if you
actually look at the data you will
notice that the images are only 32x 32
or 64x 64 pixels and I would challenge
anyone uh to give me like a real world
complex task that can be reduced to a
32x 32 pixel problem. Um I think you'll
very quickly realize almost no tasks
almost no interesting tasks can be
reduced to that kind of resolution.
Another eval that people commonly uh
bring up is MMU. Uh this is the massive
multiddiscipline multimodal
understanding. This is a step up from
MMLU because it has um images rather
than just pure text science questions.
This is science questions based on
images. But still images are a minor
part of a lot of these questions. A lot
of the questions you can just answer
without looking at the image or just
doing some pattern recognition just
knowing roughly what the image is about.
So what we really need is new visual
reasoning benchmarks in the industry
that really target the things that
people care about like geometric align
alignment, spatial intelligence, um
object terminus and these are really
critical for AI to be deployed in these
visual use cases. And you might have
noticed that still in a lot of
industries that uh are primarily visual
um which I will go into there isn't much
uptake of AI right a lot of the AI
uptake has been in the software
engineering world and in the
mathematician world um and in like
documents um document handling etc. But
this uh there is actually a huge gap
huge opportunity that is just being
looked over right now um based on the
interest in coding.
[clears throat] And so the missing
paradigm in visual AI is thinking. So we
have generation models very high quality
generation models like bite dances
seance model. Um, so we have these very
high fidelity models and they look
great, but they lack actual physical
grounding um and causal logic. So you
will you probably notice that if you ask
these models to produce a a picture um a
video of a some like uh something
blowing up like um or a building falling
down or these things they look very
cartoonish they look Hollywood style
kind of things and that's because they
are just outputting what was in the
training data and a lot of disaster
videos um a lot of like action kind of
videos on the internet are just going to
be from Hollywood or game engines. So
they're working to reproduce that and
that's fundamentally a problem because
it means they can be no better than
those kind of uh videos. Um on
understanding the what we are where we
currently are is we have lot of tools
that can map pixels to semantic labels
like Google lens is obviously great to
identify plants and flowers and I use
that all the time. The SAM 3 for
segmentation, YOLO for uh object
recognition detection, mascaras CNN.
These are of course highly robust and
they're used everywhere in the industry,
but they're fundamentally passive. So
there's no reasoning capability to them.
So they can't answer more complex
questions. Um and really where the
frontier is is uh with thinking visual
thinking models. These models will have
active spatial and temporal
intelligence. They can extract actional
logic for planning uh agentic workflows
and physical execution.
And so our approach uh is uh four stage.
So we are collecting and generating our
own uh multimodal data uh visual
reasoning specific data. This this kind
of data we found you just can't uh get
online. Uh we have a synthetic data
flywheel using evals agents SFT and RL
to improve the model. We're making some
uh we made some advances to the
architecture um in terms of uh various
different time um advance various
different improvements on top of the
transformer-based architecture and we're
also enabling visual chain of thought
reasoning and this is one of the key
things that humans have that no frontier
model has today since the frontier
models are only textual uh chain of
thought based
um and this is one example of a visual
chain of thought. So the question is
like how many red hotels are built in
this photo? Then the model realizes oh
uh first we need to identify all the
hotels. So it draws boxes around hotels
um and other objects and then uh it
reduces that to the red hotel. So it's
this multi-step uh process happening in
the visual space natively.
So um about our company um I'm the
co-founder and CEO. I spent the last 12
years at Google Brain and Deep Mind. Um
I developed a lot of the foundational
techniques for the model for modern
LLMs. 11 years ago I was the first
author of the work that introduced
pre-training and fine-tuning. That's the
work when combined with the transformer
paper in 2017 led to the GBT series of
models. So all the GBT uh papers site
our paper. Um I co-led the earlye models
uh the first model that was
state-of-the-art called glam and then um
more recently I co-led the palm to 2
pre-training architecture and I was
co-lead for the gemini data area and my
co-founder info
and Google research he led research for
Apple's first public multimodal model
MM1 and he's has a a lot of experience
in visual reasoning um across uh
language as
And this is our team. So we're roughly
20 people now. Um we've also have a
chief reasoning architect Dustin Tran.
Previously he was lead of post training
at XAI. Um and we've hired a world-class
team um across uh many other uh
companies like Apple uh XAI um deep mind
Amazon and so on.
Um and in terms of the uh use cases that
I mentioned, robotics is one primary use
case. So robots have uh really critical
bottlenecks performing complex real-time
physical actions uh in these kind of
like dynamic environments. Uh but
existing vision models uh you probably
realize are trained from static images
and very directed videos. They are not
like act they don't have active physical
interaction. So existing methods are
overengineered and brittle. Um and uh we
are planning to release a model API
available uh by the end of this year. Um
and at that point the API can be used to
deliver action relevant uh scene
understanding into existing um planning
and control systems for these um robots.
Another important use case for uh visual
reasoning um is construction. So
construction sites they have these very
complex zone specific safety rules. Um
and uh computer vision can't adapt fast
enough to changing safety rules. They
also can't interpret things like OSHA
policy language and match the that
language to what's actually going on at
the site or understand the spatial
relationships that are important there.
For example, like how many of these
workers are wearing helmets or like is
the construction um happening according
to the plans that uh were defined
earlier.
And um currently enforcing these rules
require training separate models for
different use cases uh because they're
very these models as I said before are
very brittle. So you constantly have to
do uh retraining. Um and our approach uh
with the video um understanding
capabilities that we are building into
our models is um allows you to um ground
these video streams in the safety
regulations. And of course the safety
regulations are in text, they're in
language. So you have to be um the model
has to manipulate both language and
vision very well.
And um yeah uh this will allow these
models to interpret uh site policies
using the current camera infrastructure
that they have.
Um and then finally architecture and
design we think is also a very uh
promising use case here. Uh this is
exactly the use case where you need to
be very detail oriented. So back to the
board game example around counting
spatial relationships. This shows up a
lot in architecture and design. Uh like
if you design a if you design a house
with with four bedrooms instead of
three, that homeowner is going to be
very angry, right? Um so obviously
counting is actually important. Um and
also just understanding these spatial
constraints, real world constraints is
uh is a very manual process uh these
days. We spoke to a mechanical
engineering company just a few weeks ago
and they said to design one small part
of a robot testing platform takes 100 to
200 hours uh of the time to design the
entire testing platform. Um, I believe
it takes 2,000 to 3,000 hours of human
uh time there. And they've uh a lot of
these places they've tried frontier
models, but they just don't work for
these use cases. They really struggle to
understand uh visual context across
these like architecture blueprints, 3D
CAD, CAM files. Um, and so there are
lots of errors there. Um and similarly
we believe that this can be useful
useful for other kinds of design as well
not just um architecture and engineering
but maybe like designing
um yeah for the web or fashion or other
things and our approach is uh we're
using multimodal reasoning to uh to
extract um this uh geometric logic
that's important. We're allowing
programmatic validation or simulation
validation. Just like in code, you can
run code against unit tests. You can
also run u mechanical devices through
simulators that have been developed
through seammens um and uh v various
other companies to see if something will
work in the real world. So there's a lot
of parallels actually between uh this
kind of like mechanical design and
coding itself. But mechanical design is
still relatively untouched by AI.
Um and yeah, CAD CAM quality control is
another potential use case and
ultimately we believe that this is going
to be a critical step to the future of
mechanical design where the where AI can
make faster cars, more efficient
rockets, better batteries and all these
things cannot be done just with code. Uh
people are not coding up the next iPhone
or coding up the next uh SpaceX rocket.
It's all fundamentally very visual.
So, um you can find out more about us
through our website um lauren.ai, our
Twitter page xx.comai
or our LinkedIn uh page. And yeah, happy
to take any questions. I'll be standing
around here for for a little bit.
Thanks.
[applause]
