UP主：AI Engineer
标题：Distill the LLM, Don't Serve It: Search & Personalization at DoorDash — Raghav Saboo, DoorDash
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACPEpji5NV4

Thank you everyone for coming to this
talk and Devanch for organizing this. Uh
I'm Ragav. I'm a staff uh machine
learning engineer at Door Dash. I work
on search and personalization
and uh today I'm going to talk about uh
the ways that we're integrating LLMs for
you know our marketplace discovery uh
specifically in four pieces and um how
these primitives are kind of uh uh
working towards our integration of LLMs
into traditional uh Rexus as well. So
I'll start off uh today uh with a simple
claim. Uh the claim is that to build
effective discovery in this case for a
marketplace like Door Dash the real
bottleneck is semantic understanding. So
that is knowing what you know actually
what items mean uh for users given some
context and what a shopper actually
intends to do on you know an app like
Door Dash. And historically we have
treated these uh as engagement
optimization problems. Um however LLMs
give us a genuinely new lever to extend
this. So this talk is about uh you know
the four primitives that have allowed us
to start leveraging LLMs for problems at
Door Dash.
As you may know Door Dash is now grown
uh well beyond restaurants. So we're in
grocery, retail, pets, gifting and more.
And our goal is to capture every
shoppable moment. Uh and we know that
across these verticals, the users
frequently have very broad shopping
missions, right? So for example, a
consumer may say when they come to our
app is, you know, I just adopted a
puppy.
What do I need to get started this week?
And this consumer start may start on
like searching for puppy food because
they just adopted the puppy. That one
query could unfold into further query
reformulations.
Um they land on collections for you know
other shopping needs, complimentary
items such as crates, leashes, uh
training pads all the way to checkout.
And this could happen over multiple
sessions, mult multiple days, right? And
capturing that whole arc is pretty hard
because it spans multiple models. Um,
and this is where the four primitives I
will cover come in.
Specifically, supervision, catalog
semantics, semantic personalization,
and steerable content generation. As we
heard previously as well, it's a system
of shared representations that help us
map this customer's journey uh with the
use of LLMs.
Now, with supervision, the question
we're asking or looking to address is
how do we teach our retrieval and
ranking systems what good means for
different tasks? And here's a simple
example, right? A shopper searches for
gluten-free pasta. And if we only rank
from engagement, very popular regular
spaghettes might show up and because it
sells well, you know, it may continue to
show up. Even gluten-free white bread
might be retrieved and, you know, show
up because it overlaps with gluten-free.
But neither of these are clearly the
right answer. What we actually want is
graded relevance. A true, you know,
gluten-free pasta should be a high
relevance item. Chickpea pasta might be
a reasonable substitute and regular
spaghetti while it's popular it fails
the constraint that the user has. Now to
solve this there are obviously two
sources of truth. We could look at human
annotation
but that's expensive slow and becomes
quickly stale because our catalog
changes quite rapidly.
Second is behavioral signals. They're
abundant but obviously as I mentioned
biased by exposure, position, price,
promotions
and you know previous model choices. So
the missing signal is a scalable
reasoning signal. This is where LLMs are
very useful as they offer a way to
produce that supervision for such tasks.
So in our case, you know, the PIP
pipeline starts with human ground
truths. uh we build a high quality seed
set of example query item pairs and on a
three three uh level relevant scale 012.
We audit the suspicious cases. For
example, if a human label says you know
that an item is irrelevant but that item
performs very well on add to cart or
conversions, we send that case to a
stronger LLM uh to re-evaluate with more
granular prompts.
We also reconcile with other models. You
know, for example, our query to taxonomy
or category models. And if a query, you
know, query maps to a set of valid
categories and the items belong to those
valid categories, we may adjust the
label accordingly. And through this
process, we're able to achieve a pretty
high precision golden data set that we
then fine-tune a lightweight LLM, let's
say, for example, a GPD 40 mini on top
of it. And that's when it, you know,
really pays off. We are able to use that
fine-tuned labeler offline across, you
know, our full catalog to generate uh
full graded query item pairs. And those
labels become one shared target for both
retrieval and ranking systems. This
pattern has been pretty important for us
over the past uh few years. um use you
know expensive reasoning once offline
then distill it into models that can you
know be served cheaply and quickly.
Now let's take retrieval first. The
challenge is you know standard
embeddings um at e-commerce scale
quickly collapse the relevance uh
distinction. items that are merely
related sit close to items that actually
match and the model uh may know two
items are related but not be able to
separate uh exact matches, substitutes,
compliments.
So our fix is a two-stage contrastive
method um trained on uh the same graded
labels. Stage one, which we call mining,
does a global geometry shaping. We use
two tower encoders uh with multi-level
supervised contrastive loss. Um after
that we use that base model to mine
harder negatives and uh these are items
that the model confuses hard negatives
that are ranked too high or strong
positives ranked too low. And the second
stage after that is where we really put
the model through curriculum training.
uh use those hard negatives, relabel
them and our uh you know relevance of
the retrieval layer improves sharply
after that. So after stage one we see
overlaps between you know relevant and
uh moderately relevant but after stage
two there is a significant difference
and this has been one of like our
biggest uh levers in retrieval
improvement uh across the board. um you
know we've improved NDCG of relevance by
2.3%.
And uh that's also been true with our
downstream business metrics
and we did the same with uh uh exercise
with our ranking models as well
distilling LM reason labels into our
rankers. However, combining this with uh
business and engagement objectives.
Here we add a new tower uh in this case
an ordinal uh relevance tower on top of
the LLM graded labels and uh this
prediction sits right alongside existing
engagement towers uh click add to cart
and conversion and since they share the
same uh bottom layers the semantic fit
and relevance fit gets distilled in the
same backward pass and uh our model is
able to predict uh you know probability
of relevance across the different levels
and we are able to blend uh through a
value function on on top of this that
allows us to uh fine-tune between
engagement and relevance for different
surfaces.
Now these two examples are part of a
larger theme of our work across similar
projects uh where it seems right. We're
not replacing the retrieval and ranking
system with an LLM, but rather
distilling the uh reasoning and
understanding into some production
ranking architecture. And this allows us
to kind of quickly test and also
scalably improve our models uh with LLMs
while keeping uh you know the business
and system objectives uh of these
surfaces in mind.
So once we have supervision, the next
question is how do we represent a very
large and constantly changing catalog uh
in a way that every model be it language
models or uh you know traditional
retrieval and ranking models uh that
they can understand and at you know Door
Dash's scale uh you can imagine we're
kind of surfacing items across stores
across internationally actually uh now
and you know that's easily a few billion
items at the store item level and for
these items you obviously have unique
skew ids but it says nothing
semantically. So we also have a human
curated taxonomy that helps us classify
and categorize these items into
meaningful spaces. But often this is too
coarse and too rigid.
So for example something like hot sauces
may just have like sauces hot sauces in
the taxonomy
uh but it doesn't tell you anything
about the relationship between hoof or
franks or tobasco.
So that's where we've also adapted uh or
adopted um semantic ids. Uh it's been
introduced previously already. It's a
backbone for a lot of our uh work uh
now. And uh what it does is it gives us
a you know a short hierarchical code
that's analogous to our taxonomy but uh
the ability to control the fine grain
nature of it. And the result of this
learn taxonomy is that each item gets
this hierarchical code and the prefix
captures broad neighborhoods and you
know the later tokens capture finer
distinctions.
So for example in the map over on on the
slide you'll see hot sauces and the
structure emerging from the data with
zero labels. each one share the same
first and second prefix in this uh ID
sequence but then split by specialtity.
So now you've got Mexican, Caribbean,
Korean hot sauces uh being split up. And
the important property is that this code
that's learned is you know comparable by
as I said by prefix but also usable by
all of our downstream models
and that unlocks a few things for us. So
the first is cross-category comparisons
or relationships. You know chips, salsa,
guacamole may live in different taxonomy
branches but a shared semantic ID
neighborhood can uh indicate that they
belong together and maybe a shopping
mission. Second cold start problems. uh
oftentimes we get new catalog items
added by stores and with techniques like
engram and bite parent coding of these
tokens we're able to scalably add these
to our models as sparse ID features
third tail coverage so sparse items uh
and uh inherit a lot of signal from
semantically related items and uh you
know we don't have to wait for the
volume or exposure uh to you um for to
consumers for these items. And then
lastly, nice to have is the fact that we
can actually also do a reverse audit. So
we can audit our catalog and how well
our human labels agree with the
semantically learned labels.
So a couple of examples of where we're
using it today uh just to get give some
real metrics. Um it has been one of our
biggest improvements to our ranker. Um
in in this case it's actually improved
our uh ranker by uh improving MRR
between four to 5% and that's translated
to pretty big conversion uh wins as
well. The second one that I'm
particularly
fond of is query reformulation. So again
going back to the hot sauce example,
Sriracha can lead to garlic chili garlic
sauce or sambell Ole and because these
queries map onto like our catalog
grounded semantic neighborhood uh that
results in much more relevant queries
that we're suggesting to users. Um
ultimately if these are queries that we
don't have inventory for on Door Dash,
they're meaningless. And with the
addition of semantic ids in this query
graph, we were actually able to see
pretty massive um MR gains as well uh
for for this piece of work.
So for now we've talked about you know
item mapping and relevance and the next
question is consumer context. What does
the system know about the shopper and
can that knowledge be reused across
models again? And this is where uh our
third primitive comes in memory. So
memory in the agent context is pretty
well understood now. Um we apply the
same concepts to uh our recommendation
systems. So user embeddings are clearly
very useful. uh we have many
representations of our consumers but
they don't necessarily get to uh why a
consumer may have certain intents um and
why they might have certain preferences.
Additionally, LLMs cannot uh readily use
these uh embeddings. You could tokenize
and like uh train these models to learn
it. But oftentimes having some explicit
LM native counterpart is very useful and
that's what we found. So the idea of
memory is to represent uh the consumer
in multiple forms semantic in you know
inspectable and reusable
and uh the way we think about memory is
uh in three time scales. So long-term
memory captures durable preferences from
orders, searches, browsing, support
interactions.
Real-time context captures uh agentic
inter interactions um oh sorry in
session interactions so cart state
active searches and then we have stated
preferences which come from agentic
interactions so something like ask door
dash for example where consumers are
able to explicitly state their
constraints and preferences as well
and the way we represent consumers in uh
in uh this long-term memory is through
uh memory blocks. And these are
structured in a way that allows uh us to
add new dimensions of the user, you
know, from dietary preferences to dining
preferences to uh substitute pre uh
preferences um as we learn more about
the consumer and that is uh decoupled
from like the downstream system that u
that doesn't need to reinterpret uh this
for their own use cases.
So each consumer's memory is multi
materialized in multiple forms. So first
is text that's human readable. It's uh
captures the consumer in a compact way.
Second is are latent vectors embeddings
of those memory blocks that can be fed
into retrieval and ranking systems. And
third are graph and tree or hierarchical
approaches. So uh you know type
relationships between consumers and
brands taxonomies and memory uh revealed
um preferences
and these are assembled into you know
composite memory objects that both ML
models and LLM use downstream. So an
example is you know this context graph
uh where we connect consumers with
extracted memory concepts and a graph
needs fits neatly into shopping journeys
because you know oftent times uh
consumer item interactions are sparse
and multihop. And in this case these
context graphs are able to link
consumers across memory concepts that we
previously did not have uh relationships
for. And it's particularly helpful uh at
fine grain taxonomy levels. In our case,
we're seeing uh for retrieval uh uh
using uh graph uh based embeddings
outperforming our uh existing taxonomy
based embeddings.
And today this memory framework shows up
in three places. The first is
personalized collections. I'll talk
about that a bit later. Uh second is
agentic personalization. So ask door
dash for example uses this to
personalize its sessions uh for you. And
third in uh retrieval and ranking models
as I said we encode these memory blocks
and feed them as features in in
downstream models as well.
So the fourth primitive is steerable
content generation. We heard quite a bit
about it in the previous talk and this
slide is my take on how we're p piecing
all these uh primitives together. So all
of these inputs, semantic ids, memory
blocks um and graded relevance or um LLM
supervision feed into multiple models
you know be it LLMs or small language
models or um uh you know traditional
models and from these inputs we can
generate different output shapes you
know ranked semantic ID lists, carousel
titles, subcopies
and these show up across different
surfaces today on Gord Dash and A direct
example of this is uh our um
personalized collections on store pages.
So historically collections on store
pages uh on Door Dash have been a fixed
library or attribute-based
um and we've been able to kind of expand
that through uh consumer level
collection generation. And today this is
an offline uh LLM process where we take
in consumer memory semantic ids and syni
syn synthesize uh collections um all the
way from title subtitle to the actual
items.
And the important part is that control
and steerability. We're able to react to
occasions and moments um and build those
collections as needed uh for different
consumers at serving time. uh because
this is all batch and uh generated
offline through LLMs, we are able to
still use our uh existing retrieval and
ranking stack for item hydration,
collection ranking, etc.
And you know this is for example what a
shopper actually sees, right? For a
shopper with plant-based affinity, the
system can generate plant-based pantry
rows. For cat-only households, it can
generate cat dry food rows. And if a
session indicates that you know a person
is going through pantry restocking it
can bias towards pantry staples. And our
early tests show that you know consumers
are feeling the benefits of these
tailored experiences. Uh an example is
uh within our pets vertical we've been
able to drive uh close to 1% uh order
rate increases and 6% in uh active
users.
So to conclude uh there are three
takeaways I would love for you to take
away from this talk and how LLM fit into
search and recommendations. First
discovery is a semantic understanding
problem. It's not only about engagement.
LMS give us a way to reason about item
meaning and shopper intent. Uh in in
Door Dash's case for example. Second uh
distill LM reasoning into primitives.
capture you know reasoning uh offline as
labels, semantic ids, memory and then
let smaller and faster models serve it.
The online LLM call is often not the
product architecture you need. Third,
shared representations create many use
cases. Uh once you have these
primitives, they can power, you know,
retrieval, ranking, content generation,
etc.
So last but not least, thank you and
thank you to all the collaborators at
Door Dash who have helped ship a lot of
these things as well.
