UP主：AI Engineer
标题：You’re Not Thinking Big Enough: Rebuilding Food Systems with AI Agents — Cody Menefee, Firecrawl
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztlXKfPCT3Q

[music]
>> All right. Hello everybody.
My name is Cody. Um
I put this picture up here because this
jacket so far has not actually landed as
well as I thought it would. No one gets
the joke. Um so this was to really put
it in front of your face. I don't just
enjoy wearing heavily branded letterman
jacket. We intentionally tried to
play into the bit a little bit. Um so,
my name is Cody. I'm on the growth team
at Firecracker. Um and today I'm here to
tell you you're not thinking big enough.
Um but before I actually get into that,
I have to address a bit of an elephant
in the room which is Theo stole my talk.
Uh Theo put out a video about a month
ago uh called uh you need to think
bigger. But I would like to say I
submitted the name for this talk a month
before Theo put his video out. I didn't
steal his talk. He stole my talk. So,
um
Today we're actually going to talk about
farming. And yes, I actually mean
farming. Uh more specifically, I mean
livestock farming. And even more
specifically, I mean automating pasture
rotation for grass-fed livestock
systems.
Um I have a feeling most of you did not
expect to learn about cows and grass and
farming today, but I'm here so you're
going to.
Uh little bit of background on who I am
and why maybe you should listen to me.
Uh the short version is I actually have
no credentials that qualify me for this
talk, but nonetheless I'm going to do my
best to give it. Uh I grew up in
Kentucky. Uh have a background of blue
collar work. I was a bartender, a
mechanic, a uh um
a server, uh a whole bunch of things. Uh
never actually a farmer though.
Um and then I sort of found my way into
engineering, uh software development,
etc. I actually don't really like taking
the title of software engineer. Um I'm
pretty averse to that. Feels like stolen
valor because I am the vibe coder most
of you all are scared of.
I use AI agents all day long. I don't
have any syntax memorized. I am not
proficient in any particular coding
language, but I will crank out some
stuff on a weekend.
But today I actually work at Firecrawl
where we're building context for AI
agents. We have a series of
web data APIs to give your agents access
to the web. Again, I said I'm on the
growth team, but today we're actually
getting into some more farming stuff.
But first a bit of credential I do have
is this is a real picture of me hauling
turkeys on top of my Tesla and I do
still have a crack in that glass ceiling
because of it.
This was in Nashville where I live in
the middle of a residential neighborhood
where you are not allowed to raise
turkeys,
but I raised 10 turkeys in my backyard
cuz I wanted to know what it was like to
actually
raise livestock myself that I would eat.
It's a very mentally
difficult process to be mentally honest,
but this was me loading them up onto the
roof of my Tesla and then I drove for 3
hours with them to the processor. Had to
stop at a supercharger on the way
and lots of people were taking pictures
and what I can tell you is if your range
is sufficiently decreased when you have
a giant windbreak full of turkeys on top
of the roof.
So that was
quite the anxious drive I can tell you.
I also almost left engineering to be a
farmer. I really wanted to raise
chickens. This is a real product image
that I came up with. I wanted to wrap
turkeys in white wrapping and literally
just slapped the word eat me on top of
it. I thought it was provocative. I
thought it would get you to buy
chickens,
but I realized it's actually really hard
to make any money farming.
Surprise, surprise.
And I have a wife. I have two kids. It
didn't feel
right to ask them to give up the lives
they had so that I could go cosplay as a
farmer and raise chickens. So
I decided to pivot and see if there were
ways that we could scale farming itself
and the the types of systems that I'm
interested in when it comes to livestock
agriculture. So, three things I want to
get accomplished in this talk is one,
convince you all to pursue bigger ideas.
Um I think a lot of these talks, a lot
of these conferences, a lot of us
individually
uh spend a lot of time talking about
building software for people who build
software for people who build software,
so on and so forth. And I really am just
here to challenge you that there are
other problems to solve than just
another MCP for another SaaS solution at
another company. Um but also, I'm just
really trying to take advantage of a
captive audience. Uh if you corner me
anywhere at any time, there's a good
chance I will talk to you about farming.
Um so, here I am. Uh and hopefully, I
can convince you to come work at Fire
Crull.
So, uh first things first, I believe
livestock belongs on pasture. I think
animals should live on grass. Um I think
it's better for the animal, the
consumer, the farmer, the ecosystem. I
can give you a whole TED Talk on each of
those if I need to. You can find me
later if you need me to tell you why
it's better for animals to be on the
grass, but I don't have enough time to
get into all of that. Take my word for
it. Let's start there. The assumption is
animals should be on grass.
Um this is the goal I want to hit. I am
not actually anti-containment farming. I
think there's a reason we needed to do
that, but 97% of cows are still
currently uh finished on feedlots. 3%
are raised on pasture. My opinion here,
more animals could be on grass. I want
to try to figure out how we get more
animals on grass. The question is, why
aren't they on grass? And that is labor
is the bottleneck. It is a pain in the
ass to actually raise animals on grass.
Uh pasture done right actually means
moving animals constantly. And that
takes a lot of work. Um if you think
about grass-fed uh beef, you might think
of I have 100 cows, 100 acres. I put 100
cows on 100 acres. They eat grass. I got
beef at the end of the year. That's not
quite how it works. Um Um, will
uh very rapidly decrease the quality of
your pasture if you just let cows graze
where they want cuz they'll graze their
favorite things, ignore things that they
shouldn't, trample areas consistently,
so on and so forth. So, the solution to
that is rotational grazing. What this
means is you break up your pasture into
individual paddocks where the animals
have enough uh food for one one day and
then you move them every single day. Um,
this allows certain areas to rest and
other areas to be grazed and over time
will increase the efficacy of your
pasture. But,
this takes a whole whole whole lot of
work. Um, this means you have to move
fences, animals, water, and keep track
of it every single day in order to
uh appropriately move the animals as
often as they need to.
There are some solutions actually trying
to work on this problem. Uh, you may
have seen a company called Halter uh in
the news recently. Peter Thiel invested
at a $2 billion valuation.
Uh, No Fence is another company. What
these companies do is provide collars
for the animals connected to the GPS
satellites that allow you to draw
virtual boundaries where you can move
the animals uh remotely. Um, I think
this is a great step in the direction of
trying to
uh expand labor. Um, but this has a
problem which is you have to know where
to move the animals. This is not a
science to actually be honest with you.
You can't just move them in a straight
line across the pasture routinely every
single day to the same part of land. Um,
the reason is is grass doesn't grow the
same every single day. Uh, there are
drought conditions, rainfall, uh how
much impact a particular section of the
paddock has had. And the way that this
is solved today is actually farmers
going out on pasture, putting eyeballs
on the grass, and making intuitive
decisions about where the next best move
should be. So, the question is how do we
replace the farmers' eyes on pasture so
that they can remotely make educated
decisions on where to move their virtual
fences.
Uh there's a bit more that actually goes
into this as well, and that is you can't
just you have to also know how tall the
grass is. Um grass has a growing cycle.
If you grow it way too short, it takes
really long time to come back. If you
let it go too long, it becomes old and
bitter and the animals don't like it.
There's this juvenile sweet spot that
you want to keep the grass in. You want
to cut it before it gets too tall, but
then you also don't want to cut it too
short. So you need to keep the animals
moving and then constantly coming back
to the same pasture so that your grass
stays at the most optimal growing age
and constantly has uh the most
productivity possible.
So, a couple of ways that we can do
this. Um these are things These are my
solutions. This is something I've
actually been working on thinking about
how we can do this. Um a couple of
options that I have are drone
orthomosaic maps. If we could find a way
to automate drone flights, we could go
flying around our pasture, take a whole
bunch of pictures, get some very high
fidelity high resolution images of the
grass that farmers could analyze. The
problem with this is uh there's a lot of
uh skill upgrade you need to do with the
farmers to teach them how to fly drones,
a lot of regulatory issues with keeping
the drones in sight, and ideally this
would be autonomous and there currently
isn't a jurisdiction in the world that
has approved autonomous drones for these
types of applications. So this is really
big bottleneck. Um I think it has pretty
high fidelity in the quality of imagery,
but is going to be a hard problem to
solve in terms of actually getting all
those hurdles accomplished. Uh
satellites is my most favorite option
today. There's a really cool company
called Planet out there taking pictures
of the entire globe every single day
um with a uh 1 by 1 m resolution. Um but
they're still
those satellites are really high up in
the sky and uh it's hard to tell some of
the things you need to tell uh to
actually make those educated decisions.
Uh the middle photo here is actually
from a friend of mine out in Missouri
working as a research grad assistant at
the Missouri Lincoln University. And
this idea is just putting a trail cam
next to a tree and some measuring
apparatus that camera can look at and
just figuring out how tall is the grass
in relation to that particular object.
Just so that we have some sort of
reference point that we can use to see
how well the grass is growing back.
If we can solve this problem along with
the
the the collar situation, I think
there's a world here where we can drop
an LLM in the middle of this loop and
start to work on autonomous grazing
operations. And so what this would mean
is an LLM essentially making the next
best decision on where the animal should
be any given day. But this isn't
multivariate analysis. This requires the
LLM to have several data inputs
including where the animals are in GPS
location, where they were yesterday,
where they might go tomorrow, what the
drought condition is in the area, how
tall the grass is across the entire
farm. And actually it has to make this
decision not just on day-to-day basis,
but in varying
degrees of relation. So where's the best
next place for a particular cow to be,
but where's the best next place for the
herd to be in relationship to the
pasture itself, in relationship to the
farm as a whole, and then more broadly
the ecosystem at large. There's
all of these components feed back into
each other and if you can optimize this
entire picture, you have a more
productive farm where you can actually
have more animals on fewer acres, which
is how we end up actually scaling to
compete with the feedlot style where you
can actually have more cows on fewer
grass.
How do we solve this problem? There's a
couple of components. There's three main
blockers that I think need to exist in
order for us to actually create this
system. The first one is building a
knowledge base and this is primarily
what I'm working on at Fire Corral and
then an open source project I have
called Open Pasture. The idea here is a
lot of the knowledge on when to move,
why where how to move,
the benefits of moving, etc. is all
locked up in primarily YouTube videos.
There's a bunch of really cool farmers
out there. I can give you a whole bunch
of channels you can go down rabbit holes
on of just good old guys out in
Missouri, Tennessee, Kentucky trying to
move their animals every single day
telling you what they're learning,
telling you what species are best for
this,
what lagoons are you want to aim for in
the biodiversity in your pasture.
There's a whole bunch of things that go
into this and we need to build that
knowledge base.
Fire fall is a toolkit that I used
actually collect this data going out
scraping those YouTube videos, scraping
research papers out to archive building
this knowledge base up and open pasture
is the actual repository I put this
information in to make it available to
any farmer I think that might be able to
use it.
The next thing to solve is the actual
visualization layer. There's a lot of
components we need to know about the
grass that the farmers primarily getting
out of the intuition from looking at the
pasture. The two main things worth
figuring out about the pasture both
where the animals are, where they should
go and where you want them to be is what
is the biomass, how much foliage
actually is available for them to
consume and then long-term what is the
biodiversity of that particular pasture.
If they overgraze sections too heavily
they'll start to over index on different
types of cool season, warm season
grasses, lagoons, etc. and ideally you
want a really rounded, really diverse
pasture over time to make sure that the
cattle are getting the nutrients they
need so you don't have to supplement
with things like hay, copper, aluminum,
etc.
Ideally they get all of the
macronutrients and micronutrients from
the grass itself which becomes an
entirely ideally hands-off system.
And then the third one is
those geofence companies. So no fence,
Halter. While I appreciate the
technology they're trying to push
forward I have a pretty strong
disagreement with them which is in order
to use their software they require you
buy their collars, and you can't plug
your own software into their collars.
From a business standpoint, I get why
this is. From an industry standpoint, I
think it's really a pain in the ass. Um
I would like to innovate on the software
layer. I would like to push GPS
locations to these collars that my LLM
can predict. I don't want to have to
rely on their software to do this
because I don't think it's as good, or I
think I can make it better, if I'm being
totally honest with you. Um so, a bit of
the purpose of this talk is actually a
call to action for you all in the
audience. I need someone to make me a
collar.
Um I need it to be open the APIs need to
be open. Ideally, it's an off-the-shelf
solution. Uh some of the component parts
that we can slap together. Uh farmers
are pretty scrappy and like to heal
their own things. There's a lot of uh
animosity towards John Deere in this
sort of like right to repair. Um so, my
ask to anyone maybe looking at this
problem is design me a collar where the
patent can be open and the APIs are open
so that we can compete on software
>> and optimize this solution.
>> Uh the next thing I'd like to maybe
tease you about is this actually goes
beyond just ruminants. Uh so, ruminant
is a type of animal, cows, sheep, goats.
Uh those are all ruminant animals. They
chew grass. They uh digest it in the
rumen in uh which is an organ that's
what they're called ruminants. Um but
there's actually an additional benefit
we get where we can stack species on
these pasture rotations. This is a
company called Pasture Bird. Uh they
were a big catalyst for me to really get
in obsessed with this idea. What they
did is took their normal chicken house,
put it up on big wheels, and automated
the movement so it creeps its width
every 24 hours across pasture. The
reason you can do it this scientifically
with chickens is cuz they don't actually
get most of their nutrients from the
grass. You have to supplement them with
grain feed uh because chickens are
omnivores, not quite just herbivores. Um
so, you can just inch this coop across
the grass uh giving them a uh uh uh land
to grow on. Uh the nitrogen from their
droppings actually help uh
as a manure or as a as a fertilizer for
for the the grass itself. And there's an
added benefit here. When you stack the
ruminants with the chickens, if you run
your ruminants first, they sort of cut
off the top of the grass, and then
chickens come behind them and peck out
the parasites from their droppings, and
it reduces the parasite load overall
across your farm, which reduces the
medication expense you have to actually
pay to keep your animals healthy. And
over time you have a more robust uh
uh seed stock or uh breeding stock so
that you can have stronger animals over
time that require fewer interventions
and can be left alone to just eat grass
and uh turn into meat eventually.
Um so, the three things I really hope
you all take away from this talk is one,
I think we need to find big, real-world
physical problems that we can solve um
that require multivariate analysis and
not quite uh yes or no decisions. Um
there are lots of problems out there
that don't actually have deterministic
solutions. I hear a lot of engineers
talk about how we turn LLMs into
deterministic processes, and my
contention is actually there's a lot of
problems that you can't solve with
deterministic uh algorithms. Um this is
one of them. It's a multivariate
analysis. There isn't a next best
paddock to move to. There's just your
best guess on where you think they
should go. Um and I think if we can take
systems like that, these uh multi-data
input systems, and drop an LLM in the
center to actually reason over the data
and at least make a suggestion that the
human can confirm or deny, uh we can
really start to scale systems like this
that are very much uh restricted by the
farmer's ability to scale their own
labor, their own decision-making power,
um and really give them the tools that
they need to grow their operations to
hopefully, I think uh all animals could
be raised on grass if we uh solve these
problems. And then the last one is is
maybe you can come help me solve some of
these problems. Um the number one
problem is actually just giving the
agents the context they need, gathering
the data, packaging that data, and then
presenting it in a way that the LLM can
reason over. And that's what we do over
at Firecrawl. Uh, so you're not thinking
big enough. Firecrawl is where we're
building the context layer for AI, and I
hope you can come build it with us. Uh,
we're hiring. Uh, so here's all the job
postings we currently have. Go to our
website and maybe find one that works
out for you. Uh, reach out to me. We'd
love to have more people trying to
figure out how we get data off the web
to solve some of these complex problems
and present that that data as context
uh, to these AI agents, and perhaps
we can make the world a better place.
My name's Cody. Uh, Open Pastures is my
open source project. Firecrawl is where
I do my day-to-day life, and uh, these
are my socials. I'll hang around for a
little bit. I love to chat more about
animals, cows, birds, uh, all the alike.
Uh, thank you very much for coming.
>> [music]
