UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Exitus Elite Real Income Proof 2026 - Is This Still Converting?
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xe8_YpIKJ2g

So, if you're thinking about joining
Exodus Elite right now and you want to
know is this program still converting 12
years later after its initial release,
then I want to answer that question in
this video right now. And this is going
to be a rather quick video where I'm
just going to go over exactly what is
possible inside of this program. So,
keep in mind regardless of what online
business you start, regardless of what
program you join, results are never
guaranteed and it's always depending on
the work that you put in. So, what I
want to first mention is I have my own
community that you're going to get
access to when you decide to join with
my with myself.
This is going to have additional
trainings on how to go out there, how to
market your link, how to get traffic.
And then I'm also going to have two
done-for-you funnels that you could
replicate. And the cool thing about that
is they're going to be built on a
platform called HBA. So, if you want to
have another recurring income stream on
top of what you're going to see here in
this video, then you could do that as
well. And so, that'll be a really great
way to earn some residual income as
you're building up the high-ticket
instant commissions. So, that being
said, this program has been around since
2014 as I've
uh
as I mentioned here.
Um yeah, so if I go here, since 2014,
and how well is this program converting
today? So, right here in the group, uh
you have a member that just got a $2,000
sale. So, Search Roy got a $2,000 sale.
Help me welcome our newest G2000 member.
That is a $2,000 commission that he
earned right here.
And this is to show you that the program
is still converting right now. So,
people are still coming in, they're
still buying the highest product
package, even if you think that people
aren't investing large amounts of money
right now,
um it is still a program that people are
investing in and it's still converting
very well. So, um another thing that I
want to show here is this member Shawn.
Uh less than a week ago posted, "If
anyone is wondering how real Exodus
Elite can be, this was 10 years ago this
week.
This business is awesome, was then and
still is the best I've ever been ever
been been a part of, and as you can see
here
he earned uh 29,000
in his first 12 days of joining. So, I
he mentioned that um
in a prev- in a net- another post that
he actually made more uh like later the
month, you know, but this is like the
screenshots that he that he took after
12 days of being in the program. So,
this is just with 30 members.
Uh 30 paid members, which is pretty
cool. So, the other thing that I want to
show here is if I go into
uh media right here,
you'll see that there are multiple
members posting their earnings. So, 100
right here.
You have I Let me see Yeah, I'm trying
to scroll in, but Oh yeah, these are
leads that someone generated here. So,
the other thing about this program is
when you make it um when you promote the
done-for-you funnel,
so okay, wait. 500 here, 500
250, 100 and then we can scroll down
more, and then you'll see more earnings
as well. So, $2,000 commission right
here.
Uh 2,000, 2,000, 2,000
um and then we can get scrolled down.
And then uh this guy Shawn's crushing it
with the program as well. So, yeah. 250,
500, it just keeps going on. So, the
thing that I want to mention again was
this program, they give you access to um
done-for-you funnels. So, they have
their own built-in autoresponder.
So, when you get started and you uh
promote this program, you're going to
have uh capture pages in here that you
could uh simply replicate. And what the
program is going to show you how to do
is they're going to have you go through
this section,
and they're going to have you set up a
forwarding domain.
What that is is you just buy a .com
domain
on a platform like Namecheap, which is
like uh eight bucks a year.
Uh pretty affordable. And then you could
have it set to where when someone types
that domain in or they click on it in
your video's description, then it just
directly leads to one of your capture
page links uh like this. So, then when
someone opts in,
then the system's going to follow up
with your leads for you on your behalf.
I'm not exactly sure how long the
follow-ups are, but it is quite a while
that they I'll have to ask um you know,
in the group and see how many follow-ups
they have cuz I'm not exactly sure how
many are in there. Maybe they show it in
here somewhere, but they do have a
pretty extensive follow-up series as far
as I'm aware. And then they also have a
phone sales team. So, that's going to
help you convert even more sales, and
they have a 90% close rate with people
who get on the phone with them. So, they
handle all the objections for you. They
answer all the questions. Any um
you know, any like
thing that your customer asked, you
know, that's just one less thing that
you got to worry about. So, rather than
having someone reach out to you and
saying like, "Hey, I got extra
questions. Can I talk to you over the
phone um before I invest $2,000?"
And then if you, you know, you maybe you
worry that if you'll say something the
wrong way and they'll turn them away
from the program. So, that is one thing
that's going to help you to close more
sales, and that's going to be even
better if you are someone who is doing
If you're not posting videos online. So,
one thing that I know that holds a lot
of people back is they don't want to do
videos. They don't want to do YouTube
videos. They don't want to post on
TikTok. They don't want to show their
face online, which I In my opinion, I
just say just do it because you're going
to get I mean, you're leaving money on
the on the table if you don't. It's just
another way of getting traffic, and
people buy from those that those whom
they know, like, and trust. But if you
really don't want to do videos and let's
say that maybe you want to do, you know,
faceless content online,
then that is a method that I'll show you
inside of my community right here and
you can do very simple 5-second videos
on TikTok and Instagram and you can go
viral pretty easily with these videos.
So, you can do that, send the traffic to
your link, or you can do something like
solo ads and all you're really doing
here is just paying for the amount of
clicks that you want. So,
put in your your capture page link,
select the amount of clicks that you
want. 100 clicks will be 47 bucks from,
you know, this seller right here
and you can it's it just started
downpouring as I'm filming this video.
So, if you hear anything, yeah, that's
what it is. The sky is like orange right
now as I'm filming this. That's crazy.
Anyways, so yeah, the program's been
around a while and if you want to get on
board with a with someone that's going
to help you get up and running, help you
get the results, and also if you want
the
coaching calls with me, then that'll be
exclusive for those who come in at one
of the higher levels. That'll be either
the thousand or the two thousand-dollar
package. So, if you can,
come in at the thousand at the very
least
and then you can work your way up to the
two thousand. Just get one sale, pay the
difference, and then you're all in. I'm
going to end this video off right now
because it's pouring right now. It's
I don't know. I'm going to end it off
right here. Click link down below. I'll
see you on the inside. Take care and all
the best.
