UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Best Affiliate Programs For Beginners To Quit Your Job 2026
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRsYWDgBuA8

So, if you're looking to build up a
full-time income online and you want to
do so without having to refer hundreds
or thousands of people online, then
these are going to be the best affiliate
programs that you could start promoting
right now if you want to get to your
income goal fast. Whether you're looking
to earn an extra $1,000 per month,
$2,000 per month, or you're looking to
build up a stable income that is maybe
recurring, then that's exactly what
these programs will help you to do. So,
um, the I'm going to go over the my top
two affiliate programs in this video for
complete beginners and both of these are
complimentary to one each other. So, if
you want, you could even promote both of
them together or you could just promote
one of them if you want and both of them
are converting very well and they both
have a really good earning potential.
So, uh, that being said, what I want to
first go over are the three things that
I look for when I decide to join an
affiliate program. So number one is
longevity. Um most affiliate programs
that come out, you know, most network
marketing companies, most business
opportunities, most like done for you
systems, all these new things that come
out, most of them, they don't last that
long, right? And they're typically, you
know, maybe they're hot for like a
couple months, but then what happens is
they die off or they get shut down after
like a year or so and then another thing
launches and then the big leaders jump
on that program and then the cycle
continues, right? They they drag their
big following from one program to the
next and then they leverage the income
proof that they gained from their
followers to say, "Hey, look how well
this new system's converting." And then
they just do that until the program dies
off. then the next thing takes its place
basically right so I you know for that
reason I like to just stick with you
know maybe like one or two programs at a
time I don't like promoting multiple
things at once it just doesn't really
doesn't really fit me I guess um so yeah
for me longevity is one of the most
important things for me and I also on
top of that um I should also put um
consistent
um consistent um compensation plan I
guess you could say, right? So, um you
know, one other thing that gives the
industry kind of a bad name is a lot of
programs they will change up the
compensation plan a lot. like you'll
make some really good income, maybe
you'll have some residual income built
up and then what will happen is, you
know, maybe like years after you built a
nice income, then they'll change it to
where you're not making as much money
and maybe they will like, you know, give
your sponsor a better deal or something
like that or they'll lower it and then
they'll try to make it sound good. they
will like cut off the the uh long-term
residuals and then they'll like maybe
make it higher and then they'll just
focus on that without saying that like
oh within a year like it drops off
basically. So yeah, that's one thing I
like to look for is like do they keep
keep the affiliate program the same and
that's of course the most important
thing. Third thing is quality in demand
products. So the if the program doesn't
have quality products, then it's not
something worth joining and it's
probably not going to last long term.
And then number four is should be pretty
obvious high commission payout. So uh
the two programs that I'm going to uh go
over here, one of which is a high ticket
program where you could earn anywhere
from $100 to $2,000 per per sale. So
anywhere from 100 at the minimum to
$2,000 at the highest. And then the
other program that I'll go over here is
a recurring affiliate program. So if you
want to build residual income then
that's what this program will be good
for. So starting with the high ticket
program the one that I will talk about
here is another than Exodus Elite. This
program here has been around since 2014
and it has been converting very
consistently since it first launched in
2014. So, as of this month in August, I
believe it's uh in August, um it turned
12 years old, this program. And the
thing that I really love about this
program is the owner is always adding to
to this. So, he's always adding more
features. He's always uh making it, you
know, always making improvements to make
it easier for you to make sales. And one
one other thing that they've added is
they also have their own sales team. So,
if you want with this program, you let's
say that you're promoting it or you um
you know, you promote it on Facebook,
for example, you have people that you
talk to in Messenger and they say, you
know, hey, I have a couple questions.
Can I talk to you over the phone? Um you
could just send them the link to uh your
your affiliate link and then uh that'll
give you, you know, they could just book
a call with one of the sales team right
here, right? So, the thing about the
sales team is they have a around a 90%
close rate with people who get on the
phone on the phone with them and they're
going to help handle all the objections,
answer any question that your um you
know your customer has and then they
will of course help convert the sale for
you. So, that's one thing that's pretty
cool. So, one other thing about this
program that makes it very unique is you
earn 100% commissions. So the way how
this company is able to do that is
because for every single product that's
in here, there is a small admin fee and
that's what goes to the company. So uh
just keep in mind um when I go to the
homepage here, it'll show you all the
product packages. So uh these are the
admin fees. So each of these are onetime
payments by the way. So there's no like
monthly recurring fees that you got to
worry about. So when you buy one of
these product packages, as in you pay
the product uh package, so like G500
would be 500 here and then it would be a
199 admin fee. So it's like 700 if you
want to join at the $500 level. When you
buy the product once, then you own it
for life and you could earn commissions
on it as many times as you want. So the
nice thing about this program is you are
able to earn commissions from the level
you join at and everything below. So, if
you come in at the $1,000 level, you are
able to earn instant $1,000 commissions.
That's the other thing about this
program. When you make a sale, it gets
paid out to you instantly, and you can
collect the commission however you want,
whether it's Cash App, PayPal, Venmo,
Stripe, uh, Zel, Venmo, cryptocurrency,
even anything that you want to use, you
can use it to collect, uh, payments,
right? So, you actually get paid
directly from the customer. uh versus
other programs where you gota you know
they pay the company and then you've got
to wait like a week, two weeks or
sometimes even a full month before you
could actually get your money. So that's
one thing that's really cool about this
program and it makes it very easy for
you to um you know take part of the
commission that you earn and if you want
you could just either throw it back into
paid traffic if you want or you can take
part of it and then reinvest in your
business. You know maybe like invest in
other tools or invest in other things.
you could just pocket the money entirely
basically. So that's one thing that's
really cool and I like promoting this
program on the front end because it's
kind of like a way where you know you
get paid now and you pay your bills now
like take care of whatever expenses you
want now use it to invest in your um
your business. you know, you have more
spending power and then as you're doing
that, then you could promote something
on the back end that's more residual,
which is the next program that I'll talk
about, right? But just to give you an
idea on how well this program converts,
um, inside of their Facebook group here,
there are tons of members sharing their
earnings. So, 100 bucks here, 500. Um,
here is another, let's see, member
earned $2,000 commission right here.
We scroll down. Uh, three payments of
2,000 right here. So, uh, that's one
another commission income stream right
here.
$1,000 commission. And it just keeps
keeps going on, right? So, there's tons
of members getting really great results.
Uh, here's a 250. Another $2,000
payment. I think that's uh 1,000 right
there. I think 2,000 actually. I can't
exactly see, but 500 right here that she
earned. 100 100. And it keeps going. So,
the program is converting very well.
even 12 years after its launch. And that
is one reason why I highly recommend it.
And here is a guy that posted just
today. Um, if anyone is wondering about
how real Exodus League can be, this was
10 years ago this week. So, he joined 10
years ago and he's still in the program
today and within his first 12 days
earned almost $30,000 with this program.
So, income uh income disclaimer, results
are dependent on what you put into it.
But this is to show what's possible when
you take action and you learn how to
market your link. And so, that's really
all you all you need to to learn here is
you you're going to have your own
capture page link that their company's
going to give you. You send traffic, you
generate leads, the company's going to
follow up with your leads on your
behalf. If they have questions, they
could reach out to the phone team and
then they just take care of everything
for you. So, you could even just like
buy solo ads if you want and just send
it directly to this page. And if you
want, you could even just have the phone
team just handle everything for you and
then the email follow-ups and all that.
So, yeah, the program there's a reason
why it converts very well and it's
because of all the features that they
keep adding in. It's because of the fact
that um you know there's actually a much
higher motivation for members to jump in
on this program versus your average $20
MLM or just a standard you know $50
affiliate program where with like a
binary matrix compensation plan where
you got to bring on like six people
before you can make like 500 bucks. So
yeah, this is just much easier and you
just get one or two sales per month and
that itself can be a full-time income.
So that being said, the other program I
want to talk about here is a program
called HBA. Now this program I've been a
part of for about a little over 3 years,
about 3 and a half years I've been in
this program and it's converted very
well. The thing I love about this
program is the fact that it's this has
been around since 2016. So much like
Exodus Elite, this has also been around
for about 10 years now. They've been
around for quite a while and I've even
met the owners in person at one of their
events. So, I don't have it open up
here, but um I'll be going to another
one of their events in uh next month
actually in Missouri. But uh yeah,
here's one picture with a few members at
the event last year that I met. If I go
to photos,
um here are the owners right here.
So yeah, these are the owners. Mike
Hobbs that you'll see on Yeah, this
video right here. That's one of the
owners. And then Paul Hutchings is the
other guy right here. So yeah, they they
got a really great community. One other
thing that I love about this program is
a portion of every single transaction
that's made goes toward a a charity
called Feed My Starving Children. And
that's where they feed hungry kids all
around the world. So when you pay for
your membership, part of that money is
going towards that charity. And then
when you refer people to this program,
part of the commission that you earn,
well, you earn 80% commissions,
recurring commissions, and then part of
the 20% that the company gets, they take
part of that and then they donate it to
the charity right here. So with my
membership,
um it says here 400,000 days of meals
have been provided to children in need
through the partnership. So, that's one
thing that's really cool. So, how much
can you earn with this program? So,
there's three recurring products right
here. Let's Go is a productivity app.
It's 10 bucks a month. The funnel
builder is the main product that they
have, which is 25 bucks a month. And
that is their website building tool. You
could use this to build capture pages
and funnels for any type of business
that you have. Um, they have tons of
templates here you could use. And I have
hundreds of pages that I built on this
platform actually for different offers
that I was promoting. But if you want to
if you're either brand new to this or
you you're not sure where to start then
you could just use from one of these
templates. And so they even have some
for local business if you want to do
that. Right? So a lot of these pages
that are in here are submitted by other
members in this program and you could
even just replicate the pages that they
have. So, in my case, I have a donefor
you funnel here that I built for HBA.
And what I'm going to be doing very soon
is I'm going to be building up another
another funnel very soon. It's going to
be a custom replicated funnel that'll be
inside this platform. And that's going
to help you promote both Exodus Elite
and HBA together. So, Exodus will be
like the main front-end offer that'll
help you, you know, get paid. Now,
basically, when you make a sale, you
know, you get paid instantly. And then
as you're doing that, the idea is you're
going to build up residuals with this
program, right? So, I am still working
on it. Um, I do intend on having it
having a couple pages in here very soon.
It's going to have a whole follow-up
series along with it as well with videos
talking about bonuses that they're going
to get when they join you in this
program. So, you're going to be able to
replicate it. It's going to have your
link to Exodus Elite on all the pages.
And then it's also going to have your
link to HBA as well. So, anyone that you
refer, they're going to get access to
uh my private community that's going to
have additional trainings and additional
bonuses and even coaching calls with
myself and that's going to help you
convert more sales and get more ideas on
how to get your link out there. But then
the other cool thing is is you just
promote one link, it follows up with
your leads, and when you make a sale,
you get paid not just once, but twice
and maybe even more times than that. I
might I might even add maybe like two
other income streams as well that might
go well well with this. I haven't fully
decided, but Exodus and HBA are going to
be like the main two income streams
you'll be able to make the most amount
of money with. But let's talk about the
compensation plan. How much can you make
with this exact program? So, there's
three products in here. Let's go pay it
pays eight bucks out of 10. So, $8
residuals. The funnel builder tool that
I showed you right here pays you $20
residuals out of the 25 uh per month
product here. And then there's a third
product here called premium
uh which is right here. And this is the
marketing training. So what's cool about
this is they have a ton of really cool
AI tools for doing things like you know
designing YouTube thumbnails. Um, you
have a tool here called Traffic Maestro.
If you literally want to just be told
exactly what to do on a daily basis,
like what video to make, what keyword to
go after, what, you know, how to
structure your um short form videos, and
if you want to like literally just be
given an exact blueprint that you could
just copy and paste and get guaranteed
traffic to your link, then that's
exactly what this will help you to do.
and it'll be based on the answers that
you give it when you go through this
questionnaire right here. Right? So,
it'll have you fill out a bunch of
questions and then based on the answers
you give it, it'll give you a series of
steps that you could do every single day
to help you promote your business. So,
that's one thing that's really cool. And
then they also have live masterminds uh
multiple days of the week and that's
from six and seven figure earners. So,
this is on top of all the other
trainings that they have right here. If
you want to learn um you know how to do
YouTube SEO or you want to learn how to
do uh LinkedIn marketing or podcasting
or any any other method in here,
blogging even, they have a training on
it. And there are many different ways
you can market your links. So, as long
as you pick one of these methods, then
you can of course get results with
anything that you want to do. But this,
of course, will pay you $100 per
customer. So, every single referral you
make 128 per month in residuals plus an
extra
400 if anyone buys this product right
here. So, 528 in total is what you make
per customer plus 128 in residuals. And
if you're looking to get a full-time
income with this in residuals, then you
could do that with maybe, you know, 25
to 50 customers, like maybe in that
range. And if you maybe just want to get
like a good supplemental income, then
you just need 10 customers and then
you're good for life. So that being
said, this program also has a really
high retention rate. So I brought on
several members in this program that
many of which they have kept their
accounts active and some have stayed
active for, you know, a year, some even
over two years in this program. And the
cool thing is I continue to get paid um
every single week for work that I put in
one time, which is really nice. So, it
is something that is building up quite
steadily and that's on top of the new
income stream that I've added right
here. So, that being said, um I
recommend joining both of them and
promoting both of them together. When
you join just one of them down below,
I'm going to have the link to both of
these programs. Um I'm going to send you
an invite to join my private community
right here. And when you get access to
this, it's going to have steps on how to
set up the custom funnel. when that's
active and then that'll help you set up
the funnel that'll help you promote both
programs at once if you want to do that.
If you just want to promote one of these
and maybe you don't want to go all in
with Exodus Elite, but you really like
how HBA looks, then you could just
promote HBA if you want and they have a
really nice um funnel that you could
plug into. So, you know, one other thing
I'll show you right here. If I go to
affiliate links,
they have this turnkey affiliate system.
And all you really need to do is just
send traffic here. And just like how
Exodus has, you can just send traffic
here. They opt in and then the program
follows up with your leads on your
behalf. So, yeah, both of these convert
very well and they go really good
together in my opinion. And that being
said, check them out down below. I
recommend joining Exodus Elite first and
get the highest product package that you
can.
So, if you could afford to come in at
the $1,000 level, then you'll be able to
earn $1,000 commissions. Otherwise, the
500 is still pretty good. You know,
anywhere is really is good because you
when you upgrade, you just pay the
difference and you are still going to
get paid even if you refer someone at a
higher level. You're just going to make
the amount that you're at. So you can
just upgrade, pay the difference, and
then you can get to this level pretty
quickly. But still come in at the
highest level you can. That way it's
just less payments you got to worry
about overall. And then what I recommend
after is just get the funnel builder at
the very least. And then um what's also
cool about HBA is they're going to give
you a twoe trial of premium. So, if you
want to check this out for yourself and
you want to see what's in this program,
then um you'll get to try this out for
free and then you'll get these two
products here for just 35. So, that's
what I recommend starting with. Get uh
the highest product package in Exodus
that you can and then join HBA for 35 if
you want to promote both of them. And
then that way you could just um dive in
and then you when you promote one of
them and you send a new referral here,
they're going to be prompted to join you
the referral of Exodus inside of HPA and
then you'll also get the credit for the
sale right there as well. So that being
said, if you have any questions, drop a
comment down below, give us a thumbs up,
and take care. All the best.
