UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：3 Simple Steps To Earn $1000 Per Day Online - Affiliate Marketing 2026
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_i7T_lB4NU

In this video, I'm going to reveal the
three simple steps that you could use to
make $1,000 per day online or more doing
affiliate marketing in 2026. So, this is
exactly what I would do if I had to
start over online and I was looking to
make a full-time income. And if you want
to learn more in depth about this, then
at any point you could check out the
system that I'm using down below, and
that will go more in depth about how you
could, of course, get up and running
with this. Right. So, the first thing
that you need, of course, is you're
going to need a a high-converting
digital product, right? So, what a lot
of people do when they get into online
marketing or they're trying to find
products to promote is they'll go to
platforms like, you know, ClickBank, JV
Zoo, Warrior Plus, uh, Digi Store 24 is
another one. And the problem with most
of these platforms is the fact that most
of the products that are on here are
very low quality. They have a high
refund rate and the commission rates are
not that high anyway. So maybe you might
make like a hundred bucks per sale or
something like that on average. That's
like that most nowadays. But most
products are going to pay you like 50
bucks, right? So if you're looking to
make $1,000 a day, then you're either
going to need to find a way to do a ton
of volume, get a ton of traffic, or the
easiest option is going to be to find a
high ticket product to promote.
Something that'll pay you a,000 bucks or
more. you know, anywhere from $500, a
thousand, $2,000, that's going to be the
sweet spot because you can get just one
sale. And right off the bat, then that
would I know for a lot of people make a
massive difference. So, if you want to
um see what it is that I'm promoting,
then you could of course check out the
program that I'm running with, which
I'll talk about uh shortly. But once you
found a high-converting digital product,
then you'll simply want to plug into a
proven system that'll help convert help
you generate leads and then of course
convert them into sales, right? So
that's going to look something like
this. You're going to have a web page
right here that's going to ask someone
for their email address. When they opt
in, they're going to be put onto your
email list. And then they're going to be
taken to the next step in the funnel,
which is going to be the video sales
letter. And that's going to explain all
about the benefits of the program and
why they should join. And then of course
the buy button will be down here. They
click on this, they go to the checkout
page and when they make the transaction
through your referral link, then that's
of course where you will make the
commission. Right now the benefit here
is typically, you know, if you want, you
could build build all this out yourself.
However, I'm going to show you a system
where you can just plug into an already
high-converting uh funnel and all you
need to do is just replicate the pages
that they give you. And so, once you
have your own website URL that is
customcoded to the funnel that they're
going to give, then all you really are
going to need is the third step, which
is going to be sending traffic to your
link. So, before I talk about this step,
let's first talk about the product that
I'm going to recommend here. I'm talking
about a a program called Exodus Elite.
Now, the cool thing about this program
is it's been around since 2014.
So, this company has done very well over
the past 12 years and it is one of the
highest paying digital pro uh programs
out there. So, the benefit of this
program is when you make a commission,
you make 100% of the sale and there's no
waiting for commissions to be paid out.
You get paid instantly, which is the
other cool thing. So, when you get paid,
you could earn anywhere from uh let me
actually go to the product packages. You
can earn anywhere from 100,
250, 500, 1,000, and then 2,000 is the
highest commission amount that you could
earn with this exact program. So, this
company right here, let me first show
you some proof of concept to show that
this program is converting very well and
it's been converting very well over the
past 10 years. Now, this is inside of
their Facebook group right here. Um,
I've just recently joined this program.
I just started promoting it. And as you
can see, I made a welcome post right
here. And, uh, just 4 hours ago, this
guy Sean made a post in the group. If
anyone is wondering how real Exodus can
be, this was 10 years ago this week.
This business is awesome. Was then and
still is the best business I've been
part of. 30K in 12 days with just 30
sales. No income results guaranteed. Of
course, I have to make that disclaimer
right here. But, uh, this is to show
what is possible when you get plugged
into a proven system that is, of course,
converting very well and you can get to
a life-changing income without having to
do a ton of sales. So, the problem with
most affiliate programs, like I
mentioned, you got to do a ton of
volume, and that's either going to
require that you have, you know,
somewhat of a big following on social
media, or you're just going to need to
have like a ton of money to spend on
paid traffic. And most likely, if you're
watching this video, you probably don't
have either one of those. So, the cool
thing about this program is you don't
need to have a big following online in
order to get uh, you know, results with
this. So even if you can get even if you
do like you get like maybe let's say
like 30 leads or something like that,
right? Um then one of them joining can
be just a,000 bucks right off the bat.
So um this group is filled with members
getting results. And just to give you
another idea, we have Elbert right here
made a $100 commission. And the cool
thing is you can get paid however you
want. Cash App, PayPal, Zel, Venmo,
Transfer Wise. Um, you can get paid uh
cryptocurrency if you want. Stripe
payments, whatever you want to use, you
can of course uh, you know, get paid
that way. So, here's a commission from
an that she just got a,000 bucks right
here. And then here's another one from
an looks like two $500 commissions that
she got in uh, what is this? The same
day right here. So, yeah. And then we
got another one from Sean, $2,000
commission. And then here's another one
that he got um $2,000 commission right
here. So, as you could see, this system
has a ton of members doing very well.
And as long as you get just maybe just
one sale per month, then you know,
that's an extra thousand bucks a month
on average is what you can uh likely
get, right? So, uh, once you have joined
the program, then you'll simply want to
leverage the system to get leads and of
course convert them into sales. And so,
what you're going to have set up here is
a lead capture page. And just like what
I showed earlier, it has a simple opt-in
form on the front. So, if I click on
preview right here, uh, this is what it
looks like. It asks for their uh, name
and email. So, you send traffic to this
page, which I'll show you how to do. And
then someone will opt in because they
want to learn more about um you know how
to make money online. That will then
take them to the video sales letter uh
which will be uh right on this page uh
yeah right on this site and then that'll
explain about all the benefits of this
program. Now one other thing that I want
to mention about Exodus Elite is they
also have a phone sales team that will
help convert sales for you. So if you
for example have people that you know
they reach out to you maybe like on
messenger and they say like hey this
looks really cool you know but I have
like a question can I you know talk to
you over the phone um or if they're like
skeptical then you have the option of
leveraging the sales team. Um, if you do
that, they will take a 20% of the
commission. Just something to be aware
of, but you'll still make 80%, so it's
still pretty good. And they're going to
handle all the objections for you.
They're going to answer all their
questions, and the sales team here has a
90% uh close rate with this uh program
right here. So, when someone calls,
they're going to return the call, answer
the questions, make the sale on your
behalf, and then you get paid. So,
that's going to be the really cool thing
about this. And so, as long as you know
how to get traffic to this page, then
you can of course uh start making money
just like these members here in this
group right here. So, once you have a
page right here that you're sending
traffic to, again, you just need your
link to one of these pages. So, like
this one is the one that I'm using right
here. Uh just to give you an idea on
what it looks like.
And yeah, you keep 100% of everything
you earn. no splits, no middleman, 100%
commissions paid directly to you. And so
all you really need to get traffic is
you just need a simple way to market
your your link. So the two ways that I
want to go over here is going to be solo
ads. So there's a platform here you
could check out called Udemy. And all a
solo ad really is is where you just pay
someone with an email list to market
your link for you. And then you know
they send out an email to the list. They
click on the email, they opt in, and
then of course you start to generate
leads that way. So I can click into any
one of these names right here. And uh
for instance, this guy has a 70%
uh rate on members getting sales with
their orders. That's one thing that's
really cool. So the higher percentage
then generally the more likely you are
to get a sale. But the other thing to be
aware of is when you send traffic, most
people are not going to buy the first
time that they see that they see
something. So typically they say on
average it takes about, you know, seven
exposures on average for somebody to
feel comfortable to pull out the credit
card and actually buy the product that
you are uh promoting. So, even if you
don't have people buy right away, the
other cool thing about this program is
they send out follow-up emails on your
behalf that get your leads back to the
offer over and over again. So, if you
have people that maybe don't join right
away or they have something else going
on or they are busy or maybe they they
don't have the money at the time, then
um you know, then the cool thing about
this program is it's going to get them
back to the offer over and over again.
So, all you really need for this is you
just need to select the amount of clicks
that you want. I would recommend start
with anywhere from 100 to 200 clicks.
And so, if you were to get just 100,
it'd be 48 bucks right here. 45 cents a
click plus, you know, a couple dollars
tax, I think. And then you just paste in
your link right here. So, just take the
URL of this page, copy it, and then
paste it right in here. And then you
just complete the transaction and then
they will start marketing your link. And
then typically within like 24 hours they
will uh send the clicks over to your
link. Right? So you could also look at
the reviews down here. Great campaign
sales are consistent. Order was
delivered on time. Uh 21% optin rate. So
you can get an idea. And so as long as
you're getting leads, then that's really
the number one thing that matters. even
if you don't get sales right away, um
it's very likely that you will get sales
on the back end as the system follows up
and with how high it converts. Now, the
other way that you you can go about
getting traffic is going to be doing
YouTube SEO. And the cool thing is you
don't have to show your face when you
make videos. So, if you want, you could
just do like if you're promoting digital
stuff like, you know, this program for
example, you could just do simple screen
recording videos and you could even do
videos that are like a minute long if
you want. So, you could do, you know,
anywhere from 1 to 5 minutes and just
quickly explain how a program works or
do um, you know, videos like this, for
example. So, because this program is in
the make money online or online business
niche, um, ideally the type of content
that you create will want to be geared
towards people that, you know, want to,
of course, make money online. So, that's
where videos like this come into play,
affiliate marketing for beginners 2026.
And if you have other channels that you
follow, you can look at what they're
posting, see what their most popular
videos are, and then that will give you
ideas in terms of what to post. But once
you decide to check out this program and
you decide to jump on board with this um
then I will give you access to my
private community right here and this
has more ways on how you you can go
about getting traffic. So if you want to
see even more ways that you can market
online doing either faceless content
ideas or you want to see how to do like
Tik Tok, Instagram,
all of that I teach inside of this group
right here. and I go over YouTube, I go
over Tik Tok, IG, Facebook, all the
platforms that you really need and, you
know, as a way to get traffic online.
And so, like I mentioned, you just you
just need one way to get consistent
traffic. As long as you have that, then
you can go out there and promote
anything that you want. And of course,
my number one recommendation is going to
be leverage a high ticket program, you
know, like this on the front end. And
then maybe you can promote other stuff
on the back end if you want to make uh
more money as well. So, uh, that being
said, one thing that I will mention
about this real quick before I end this
off is inside of this group, I am going
to be creating a custom funnel for me my
members inside this group, inside this
program. And that'll be a custom capture
page, a custom VSSL, and it's also going
to have a follow-up series going over
bonuses that I'm going to offer. And
it's also going to help you promote
multiple programs at once. So, this is
going to be the main front-end offer,
and then I'm going to help you uh
promote another another program that'll
help you earn residual income as well on
top of this. And so, that way, as you're
building up the high ticket commissions,
then you're also building up residuals
um as you're marketing your link as
well. So, that being said, check out
Exodus Elite down below. My best
recommendation with this program is come
in at the highest level uh that you
could afford because with this program,
the higher level you come in at um then
the then that's of course the level
you're able to earn commissions on. So
when you come in at the 500 right here,
it's a onetime payment of 500 and then
they're just the admin fee that you got
to worry about. And then once you own
the product, then you own it for life
and you could earn commissions on it as
many times as you want. So it's a
onetime payment. There's no monthly that
you got to worry about and then you're
eligible to earn on that level and
everything below. If you make a
commission at and it's at a higher
level, you are still going to get paid,
but it's going to be the amount that you
are at and then the the rest of it's
going to go up to your sponsors. So just
be aware of that. But the cool thing is
when you decide to upgrade, you only
have to pay the the difference. So
you're not paying the full amount to go
from like 500 to a,000. You're only
paying the difference in both the
product payment and then the admin fee
as well. So that just one thing to uh be
aware of. Other than that, if you found
this video helpful, drop a comment down
below, give us a thumbs up, and take
care. See you on the inside.
