UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Exitus Elite Done For You Affiliate System Review - Watch ASAP!
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwFBucdy7cU

Hey, it's Ari here. Hope you're doing
well. Today, I want to talk about the
Exodus Elite done-for-you affiliate
marketing system. So, this program is
set up in a way for complete beginners
to get up and running online. And
whether you are someone who's
experienced in building funnels or not,
or you just want to plug into something
that is proven, that's converting, then
the cool thing about Exodus Elite is it
has done-for-you funnels you can plug
into. And depending on the level that
you come in at, the higher level, of
course, will get you access to more
funnels inside of your system. So, with
Exodus Elite,
inside of your back office when you
become a member, you will have a series
of capture pages you can plug into.
They're going to be fully set up for
you. And all you really need is you is
you just need a website domain to
connect to one of the the those pages.
So, you'll select whichever one that you
like best out of the collection that
they give you. And then all you need is
just a simple website domain name, which
should be about eight bucks per year.
And you can grab something like uh work
with your name.com or make money with
whatever your first name is, or think of
a a cool domain name that you want to
acquire. Once you have that domain, then
you can simply forward it to whatever um
capture page that you want.
And what will happen is when you share
that URL on social media, or you have
people on YouTube that you share with
check it out, what's going to happen is
they're going to click on your link,
they're going to opt in to learn more
about uh the system and what the program
is all about. When they enter their name
and email, they are going to get put on
your email list, and the system is going
to follow up with your leads on your
behalf. Now, you can either follow up
with your leads, you know, have your own
series of follow-ups that you had in
place, or what the system does very well
is it follows up with your leads every
single day and it gets them back to the
offer. So, even if you don't have
experience with
funnel builders, with auto responders,
then the cool thing about this program
is it helps follow up with your leads on
your behalf and this is via
the emails that the system of course
provides. Now, in addition to that, the
program also has a phone sales team. So,
if you promote this using, let's say for
example, solo ads or you're talking to
people one-on-one in Messenger and they
have questions along the way or they're
skeptical or they're not fully sure
whether or not to join the program, then
you can leverage the phone sales team
and they will answer all of your all of
your questions for you. They will handle
all of the objections and they're going
to help convert your leads into actual
buyers for you and you're still going to
make commissions on their their behalf.
So, it's a pretty cool feature that
they've added in and if you're someone
who's completely brand new and you don't
really have that much confidence yet
that you're going to make sales, then
you can of course leverage the phone
sales team
and they're to help they're there to
help you get sales as a beginner. So,
I believe they have like around a 90%
close rate with any member that, you
know, calls in. So, that is something to
be aware of and that'll of course help
you convert more sales, you know, on on
your behalf. So,
that being said, if you want to check it
out down below, you can click on the
first link. You can learn more about
what Exodus is all about, learn about
all the benefits and my best
recommendation, come in at the highest
level you can afford because you can
earn commissions on whatever level you
come in at and everything below. So, if
you come in at the $500 to $1,000 level,
then you can earn commissions up to that
amount.
If you refer someone and they join at a
higher level than you, you're going to
make the amount that you're qualified
at, and then the rest of the commission
will go up to your sponsor. So, if you
want to get to your desired income as
quickly as possible, then it's going to
be in your best interest to come in as
high as you can afford. And then the
cool thing is you could always upgrade
down the line, and when you upgrade, you
only have to worry about paying the
difference. So, that being said, click
on the link down below to get started. I
will see you on the inside, and take
care. All the best.
