UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：How To Promote Your Exitus Elite Affiliate Business 2026
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_7U-Sm1_nM

How to promote Exodus Elite and make
sales in the program online. So, in this
video I want to talk about the top two
ways that I recommend promoting your
Exodus Elite link. And whether you're
someone who's just joined the program
right now, or you're thinking about
joining, then pay close attention to
this video because I'll talk about
exactly what to do. So,
uh at any point in this video you can
click on the link down below to become
part of my team.
Inside of Exodus Elite, when you join
specifically through me, I have a custom
funnel that you're going to get access
to. It's going to provide a free lead
magnet that you could offer people, and
it just uh talks about a free training
with affiliate marketing. So, if you
want to just promote that, um you know,
share the free training, get people to
opt in, and then have that do the
explaining for you, then you can click
on the link down below, join the program
through myself or one of my team
members, and then the other cool thing
is it's going to have follow-up emails
in place,
as well as videos that you can leverage
from myself. So, uh that'll help you
convert more sales because my videos are
going to not only explain the program
pretty well, but they're also going to
provide bonuses and incentives for any
of your members to join through you. So,
uh when you leverage my funnel, you're
going to going to be able to copy not
just my capture page that I set up, but
you're going to be able to replicate all
the videos that I make that you'll see
on the back end, and they're going to
have your affiliate link to Exodus
beneath the video. So, uh the other
thing that you'll get is you're going to
get access to my private community on
the School platform, and that's where
you're going to learn more in-depth
about how to go about getting traffic.
And so, I talk more in-depth about doing
short-form videos,
um like TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, and
then YouTube Shorts, and then I also
talk about YouTube SEO. So, those are
the main methods that I talk about. I
might add like another
training in there soon about like maybe
like Facebook organic marketing, but
short-form and long-form videos is
mainly what I focus on to get traffic.
So, that being said, the top two highest
converting traffic that you can get for
specifically Exodus Elite is going to be
either doing simple YouTube videos like
what I'm doing right here.
And the benefit is is I just decided to
do a couple
talking head videos like this, maybe
like, you know, around 5 minutes. And
the cool thing is is with long-form
videos like this, specifically YouTube
SEO, someone goes on YouTube and they
search up,
you know, a product, you know, they look
up for a product review, right? They
hear about the benefits, they find a
video like this ranked in the search
algorithm, and when they click on the
video and they learn about it and they
click on the link, they're that much
more open to joining the actual program,
and it is highly targeted traffic that
you're getting. So, when someone
searches up a review of Exodus Elite,
that's one way you can get
hyper-targeted traffic. Otherwise, you
could do simple videos like
how to start affiliate marketing for
beginners 2026 or whatever year you're
watching this video.
And you can even tie it into whatever
other niche you're getting into. So, if
you're talking about traveling abroad,
for example, you're talking about, you
know, escaping corporate America,
then you could talk about Exodus Elite
in any one of those videos as well. And
that is something that people watching
your videos are likely going to be
interested in learning about. So, you
have these multiple different ideas as
far as,
you know, what types of videos to make.
Best recommendation I can give is find
other creators that you follow,
look at their videos, see what's popular
for them, and then take inspiration and
apply to whatever type of channel that
you want to start as well.
So, the other type of traffic you can do
is something known as solo ads.
All that is is where you are just paying
an email
um
a someone with a big email list to
market your link for you. So, you pay
them for the amount of clicks you want.
They send an email to their list and
then you
give them your link that you want to
promote. Now, when you give them a a
link, you want to make sure it's a link
to a capture page where someone can
enter their email to learn more.
And that way when they send uh that link
to their email list and they click on
it, then you're going to have a portion
of those people who will opt in with
their email. And that way you're going
to start to build up your email list.
So, you're not going to, you know, make
sales on the front end right away. You
might make like a front end sale here
and there. However, majority people that
you get, especially from the cold
traffic like solo ads, are going to
convert more on the back end. So, that's
where a follow-up series comes into
place. And the cool thing about Exodus
Elite is they provide
follow-up emails
whenever someone opts in to any of your
done for you pages on the system and
they have a pretty extensive follow-up
series there. So, that's what I would
recommend having. Either use one of
those pages or if you want, you could
use the done for you funnel that I'm
going to provide you, which is going to
be hosted on the HT platform and that
will allow you to earn from another
income stream as well. So, that being
said, if you want to get access to the
system that I'm setting up, as well as
the private school community, then click
on the link down below. Get started
today. I will see you on the inside and
take care. All the best.
