UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Best Digital Business Opportunity For 2026 - Make $2K Per Sale!
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oxpelf9kXlo

Hey, it's Ari here. Hope you're doing
well. In this video, I want to talk
about the best digital business
opportunity for 2026 and likely the next
few years to come. Now, the program that
I'm going to go over in this video has
been around for quite a long time. This
is not a new opportunity by any means.
And if you're looking for the next
latest shiny object or the next
pre-launch, then this is not going to be
for you, but this is going to be more
for the person that wants to
realistically build up a full-time
income online,
walk out of the 9-to-5 rat race, and
also plug into something that is going
to be sustainable for the long term. So,
there's a lot of new programs that
launch every month or so, and
unfortunately with most of them, they
don't really last that long. You know,
they're hot for a couple months when
they come out, the big leaders jump on
them, they lure their massive following
and their massive email list to them,
and then when they join, then they use
the income proof that they gained from
their followers to say, "Hey, look how
well this new shiny object is is
converting." And so, then that lures
more people into that program, and then
more people join it, it's still really,
really hot, and then a lot of people who
join that program, maybe a couple of
them make, you know, a couple hundred
bucks here and there, but then once the
program dies off in a couple months,
everyone else stop caring and they move
on to the next shiny object and the
cycle continues over and over and over
again.
But, this program that I'm going to show
you here
has been around since 2014 and it's
still working very well even today, 12
years later as of this month. So, uh
right here is a member by the name of
Albert, uh made a sale today. Now,
someone is
positioned to earn $100 commissions and
he made $100 right to his PayPal or
looks like Cash App looks like like is
what he's using right here. The cool
thing about this program is you can get
paid however you want. So, when you make
a sale, you get paid directly from the
customer and it just hits your account
directly. You can get paid, you know,
cash app, PayPal, Venmo, Stripe, uh
cryptocurrency if you want, whatever you
want to collect payments from. And
unlike other programs where you got to
wait 2 weeks or a month to get paid,
this program you get paid instantly. So,
that's the cool thing about this and it
just hits your account like that. So,
you could earn commissions anywhere from
100, 250,
500,
1,000,
and $2,000 payments right here. And this
group that
uh that this program has set up here
inside of Facebook is filled with
members sharing their results on a
regular basis right here. So, that's the
cool thing about this program. It's been
around a while and it's still converting
very well. Just to give you an idea,
this member, Shawn right here, just
posted, "If anyone is wondering how real
this can be, this was 10 years ago this
week. This business is awesome was then
and is still is the best I've ever been
a part of." So,
as you could see here, uh this is not
making any guarantees at all, but this
is just to show what is possible because
of how well this program converts. So,
uh he made almost 30k in his first 12
days of joining and
uh yeah, as you can see that just with
30 customers. So, the program not that
I'm talking about right here is none
other than Exodus Elite.
And I'm going to go over a couple
bonuses that I have for you as well when
you decide to join with me down below.
But, this program is the program that
we're leveraging inside of this group
that allows you to earn instant
payments. So, how this program works,
uh first of all, the product that you're
getting access to when you join, this is
a digital education platform and what
you learn here inside of their Genesis
Library is what they have. This is going
to teach you how to
market any business that you have.
Physical brick and mortar business,
online business, drop shipping,
affiliate marketing, e-commerce,
whatever you're getting into.
Social media monetization, they have a
training for it right here. And they
have both videos and audios that you can
listen to at each product level. So,
this program has five different product
packages ranging anywhere from 100 to
50, 500, 1,000, 2,000. And it pays 100%
commission as I just showed you right
here. So, when you make a sale, you get
paid the full amount and you get paid
instantly. And there's no waiting for
commissions, and that is the cool thing
about this exact program right here.
But, just to give you an idea in what
you get, you get things like Instagram
ads training, Facebook group marketing,
social messaging apps, you have training
going over 10K blueprints,
cryptocurrency you can learn about here.
Pretty much anything that you can think
of as far as making money online and
growing any sort of real business. And
so, the higher level that you come in
at, then more and more training you get.
And at like the $1,000 level here for
example, you have these million
millionaire mentor interviews. And you
might recognize this guy right here, Ray
Higdon. So, he's been around in this
industry for quite a while. But, they
have a lot of big names here that talk
about
their story and how they got to where
they were. So, yeah, you can learn from
many different different people in here.
And then the $2,000 package has even
more training. And this goes over more
business models that I mentioned right
here. So, you can learn things like SEO,
search advertising, newsfeed ads,
anything you want to learn, it's in
here. So, as far as the compensation
plan goes and why this program is
converting so well since 2014 is because
of the fact that 100% commissions, you
get paid instantly, and the program is
set up in a way to convert very well.
So,
the way how this program works is you
are able to earn on whatever product
level that you come in at and everything
below. So, I went over the five
different product packages.
When you come in at the $1,000 level,
the G1000,
you are able to earn commissions up to
that level and everything below. So,
when you are at this level, you promote
the program, someone joins you, they buy
this package, you make a thousand bucks.
If someone joins the $2,000 package and
you're here, then you make a $2,000
commission and it gets paid out to you
instantly.
The other two ways you can make money in
this program, which is really cool, is
even if you come in at a lower level
and let's say that you bring someone on
board, they come in at the higher level
here that you might not be at at, you
are still going to get paid, but it's
only going to be for the level that
you're qualified at. So, if you just get
the $100 product package, then you'll
make a hundred bucks, but the rest of it
will go up to the sponsor above you that
is qualified at this level. So, they'll
make 1,900, you'll make a hundred. And
if you want, you can take that
commission that you've made and you can
very easily upgrade to the next product
level just by paying the difference,
which brings me to the third way you can
get paid inside this program. So, the
other way that you make money here is
with upgrade commissions.
And that is where when someone comes in
at one of the levels like 500,
they decide to upgrade to the $1,000
level for instance, you're going to make
500 bucks.
And when you upgrade to one of the
higher levels, you only have to worry
about paying the difference in the
product. You're not paying the full
price and that way you can get qualified
to the highest level possible as quickly
as possible and earn commissions on that
level right there. So, let's say that
you are at the
uh you're right here, and you bring
someone on board, they initially came in
at at a 100, but they want to upgrade to
the highest level, then you're going to
make 1,900 bucks right here, which is
still pretty good. And that being said,
that is why this program converts very
well. Another reason is because of the
fact that there is a phone sales team
that'll help convert your customers into
buyers for you. So, if you are not
confident in terms of, you know, you
don't want to get on the phone with
people, and you have people like
reaching out to you in Messenger, maybe
you invite someone on your Facebook
friends list to check out this program,
and you send them the link,
uh then the cool thing about this
program is you can leverage the phone
sales team if you want, and they're
going to handle all the objections,
they're going to answer all the
questions, they're going to make the
sale on your behalf, you're still going
to get paid. Um you're not going to get
paid as much, you know, they're going to
take a 20% cut, that's just because
they're, you know, putting, you know,
they're taking time out of their day,
but it is still a really good deal on
your end because you're going to make
80% commission on all product packages.
So, that is the cool thing about this
exact program right here. And the
reason, the number one reason why you
should join this program is because of,
first of all, the longevity. So, the
program's been around a while, it's
still converting very well, and then the
other reason is the owner is always
adding more to this program. He's always
making improvements, so it's not like
one of those programs where it's like
the exact same from when it first
launched. He's always adding more
features in, he's adding more trainings,
and that's at every product package that
you come in at. And everything
everything that I just went over right
here
is a one-time payment. So, there's no
monthly fees you got to worry about.
When you buy one of the products right
here, you own it for life, and you can
earn commissions on it as many times as
you want. When you make just two sales
at the product level that you're at,
then you're going to be in profit.
That's going to cover the product
package fee as well as the admin fee.
And just keep in mind each product
package here has a small admin fee.
That's of course how the company makes
money and that's how you're able to earn
100% commissions like I showed you right
here.
And that is the whole benefit once you
are fully on board. So, that being said,
if you want to start earning high-ticket
commissions online and you want to get
to a full-time income without needing a
massive following on social media or
needing data be super salesy and talk to
like 100 different people a day, then
you definitely want to plug into a
program like this because you can even
with a small following generate maybe
two customers a month and that could be
a full-time income. Maybe you get like
one sale a year, maybe you get another
another one here, you make 3,000 bucks
and maybe you're not going to live super
comf- comf- comfortably, you know, if
you're living in like the US for
example, but you can live wherever you
want with online income. And so that is
the real power that you have when you
are making money online. Now that being
said, when you join with me down below,
I have a bonus that you're going to get.
You're going to get access to a
done-for-you funnel that's going to help
you promote this program and not just
this, but it's going to help you earn
from multiple income streams. You're
going to be able to replicate the exact
capture page that I built right here as
well as a free four-day lead magnet that
you could offer on the front end. So,
you just send traffic to a free training
series.
When someone raises their hand and says,
"Yes, I want to learn more." they start
learning about digital marketing, they
learn about all the benefits, how it all
works, they learn about the best program
for beginners to start, which would be
this program I just went over, and your
affiliate link is going to be below each
of these videos to where when someone
clicks on it, they join, you get paid,
and that is by then watching the videos
that I made that you're going to be able
to to leverage. So, I'm doing the
explaining. I'm putting in the heavy
lifting. I'm providing the follow-up
emails. All you got to do is replicate
the system that I built up and you send
traffic to it.
The way how you send traffic is you
market your link.
How do you market your link?
You can either do simple short-form
videos that are 5 seconds to 60 seconds
long.
You could do them without speaking on
camera if you don't want or you can
learn something like YouTube SEO and you
could do simple videos like this. Very
simple. You could do these just without
the webcam on like I'm doing. Just film
your computer screen. Review a program.
Uh rank the video one time. It gets you
traffic for life. Every video that you
post is an individual salesperson 24/7
and if just one video takes off, then
that can change your life permanently.
So, those are the main ways you can
market for free. Otherwise, you could
even go the route of just paying for
clicks. So, if you don't want to be
creating content, then you could even go
this route and just uh go to platform
like Udemy.
Find one of these vendors.
Um click on one of them the one of their
names
and then you just provide them the link
right here that you want to market. So,
just take the link to any capture page
uh either that I give you or you could
leverage the ones that the company gives
you right here and just send traffic.
Let the phone sales team handle the uh
objections for you. You send traffic.
You get paid when someone signs up. It's
really as simple as that. So, if you
have any questions about this, you could
either drop a comment below or message
me directly in Messenger, which that
link will be in the description.
Otherwise, if you want to jump on board
and you want to start earning
high-ticket commissions online and build
up a full-time income without a massive
following online,
click the first link down below right
now. Jump on board. Come in at the
highest level that you could afford
so that way you don't miss out on any uh
potential commissions and that way you
could start
to be in position for life to earn
as much as you want. So, that being said
I'll see you on the inside and take
care. All the best.
