UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：The Home Business Academy Review (August 2026 UPDATE)
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPJvwMZ-HPI

It is August of 2026 and I want to do my
HBA review for right now and beyond and
whether or not you should actually join
this program if you're looking to build
an online business, right? So, I've
actually been a member of the Home
Business Academy since 2023. [snorts]
I've been with these guys for quite a
while and I've also met the owners. And
the question is do I still recommend uh
do I still recommend this program,
right? So, these are the owners right
here and the answer is absolutely,
right? So, I want to talk about what you
get inside of HBA
and also I will talk about how to make
money with this exact program as well.
So, if you're looking to build up a
residual income online and you want to
earn consistent 20 and $100 uh
residuals, then that's exactly what I'll
go over uh right here. So, uh that being
said, what do you get as a member of the
Home Business Academy? Well, there's
three main products here, four of them
actually, but three products here that
pay recurring commissions. So, this is
primarily a recurring based affiliate
program. And this is really for people
that want to build stable income online.
Like, if you're looking to quit your 9-5
job
and you want to build up income where
you can, you know, put in the work once
and have
uh consistent income coming in, you
know, you from, you know, get paid for
work that you put in one time, then
that's exactly what this program does
very well. So, what I will uh say about
most So, most recurring based affiliate
programs
um are bad because they have a very low
retention rate. And of the ones that do
have a high retention rate, they
typically pay very little in
commissions, right? So, for that reason
I've always been hesitant to promote
most recurring based programs because
you don't really make that much in most
of them.
However, with the Home Business Academy,
you are earning 80% recurring
commissions.
And with three products here that pay
recurring,
you earn a total of $128 in residual
commissions per customer. So, every
single customer that you generate
pays you 128 per month in recurring
commissions. That's if they get all
three products right here. And to give
you an idea on how well that
you know, how lucrative this can be,
when you reach even just 10 people,
that's already over $1,000 in residual
income. So, maybe this isn't enough for
you to walk out of your 9-5 just yet,
but you know, maybe you can work
part-time at your job instead of
full-time and still have the bills paid.
Or maybe you continue work to to work
full-time if you like your job and then
that just gives you more spending power
at the end of the month. You can go out
to dinner more often. You can spend more
time with family.
You know, you could maybe maybe you want
to buy the latest gaming console. I
don't know what whatever it is that you
like.
Then that's what's really great about
this program right here. Now, when you
get to 25 customers,
then this is where you can earn
you know, around 3,000 per month.
Bit of a disclaimer, as you can see
right here, results are not guaranteed.
And results are based on the effort that
you put in. So, just understand that. If
you join anything online, anything to
make money, any online business, any
affiliate program, any network marketing
opportunity, then you are going to have
to put in the work if you want to
actually get results.
If you don't you know, make the effort
to learn how to market your link and you
don't you know, get your message out
there, then it doesn't matter how great
the program is. All this is irrelevant
if you don't actually put in the work.
So, just keep in mind. But, one thing
that is unique about this program is
even with the disclaimer,
average affiliates can expect to earn
328 with this business. So, in total
with the amount of people that join,
because of how higher the retention rate
is and with uh people that are, you
know, members being super dedicated with
this program, the average person
actually does get in profit with this
program. If you factor in
the three main products right here. So,
that's one thing that is uh pretty
unique about this program and this has
also been around since 2016.
So, uh about 10 years now this company's
been around and that's one reason why I
remain a part of it is because I don't
like joining most new programs. So, a
lot of new programs that launch every
like month or so, there's like this
pre-launch and then, you know, the big
leaders jump on it and then they market
to their massive email list.
They get hundreds people to join them
and then they show their income proof
like, "Look how much Look how well the
system's converting. Look Look at Look
at how well Look at how much I made,
right?" They show it to their audience
and then they're like, "Oh man, this
thing's converting so well. It's super
hot." And then they jump on it. And
then, you know, maybe they'll make a
couple sales here and there because of
how, you know, the buzz. But then, once
it dies off in a couple months, then
that leader leaves and then they jump
onto the next thing. And then they drag
their um you know, their list into
multiple programs and they don't make
barely anything in, you know, most of
these programs. So, that's one thing
that I've always hated about the
industry.
It gives it a very bad name and it's why
I've
I tend to stick with the same programs.
Like, I stick with usually one, maybe
two programs.
Only after like 3 years of being just in
this program, I just recently joined a
high-ticket program just because I
thought that it would benefit it would
complement this program very well and
very soon I'll have a funnel that will
help promote HBA and
uh the high-ticket program that I'll
mention as well. So, yeah, uh one other
thing that I'll mention is when you
become a member of HBA, I have my own
private community on school that I offer
as a bonus. So, if you want additional
help from me,
then
uh please be rest assured that I'm here
for you. I'm here to help you get up and
running. And if you have any questions,
you could even just pop into the
community, message me right here. And if
you want, I could even you know, I could
even I even do um
like video calls every week, right?
That's for when you're on the premium
level right here. So, yeah, I post them
here occasionally in the public group,
but they're mainly for
uh there there's like a whole premium
section that I have in here that is not
like shown in this public feed. So,
that being said,
as far as the products that I want to go
over, you have the funnel builder here
for 25 bucks. This allows you to build
out pretty much any type of website for
any type of business you're running. So,
this is a capture page that I built that
promotes the
um it promotes the program here, and
then it also promotes the school
community that I built.
And then I have a follow-up series built
up with this as well. So, if you want,
you could use this to build out
um
you know, like a capture page for a
coaching program that you have, like a
one-on-one coaching type thing. I've
seen uh members here build out uh
websites for like their entire I got
like hundreds of pages here. It's
insane, but um you know, just to give
you an idea, there's members here that
build out capture pages for like local
business. So, you know, for instance, um
you know, like cleaning business, lawn
care, and outdoor stuff here. So, yeah,
these are all pages that have been added
by individual members inside the group
right here. Uh some of them are just
generic templates, but a lot of members
here what they do is they will build out
pages, and then they'll add them in
here. So, like Dirk and Merel, that I've
known them I met them last September. Um
this is for another system that was
popular a couple years ago. And this is
another guy that's done very well.
So, yeah, there's a lot of members here
that have their own uh funnels that they
build in this platform. So, yeah, a lot
of uh really cool thing, a lot of really
cool um you know, pages you could build
in here. I think this guy is
um think he's in the other program I'm
in as well. I'm not sure exactly, but um
but yeah, so it's a really great tool.
It's only 25 bucks a month, and every
single referral that you get pays you 20
bucks a month. So, you get 80% of your
money back. You only need two referrals
to be in profit with this program, which
is really cool. So, yeah, two people,
you're in profit right here. So, just
get your link out there, which I'll show
you how to do, and then you can get in
profit. Uh they have this product here
called Let's Goal. It's a productivity
app you can get on your phone. 10 bucks
pays $8 commissions.
Has a lot of really cool features in
this one app. And then you have here the
premium product, and this is what will
what what will make you the most amount
of money in the long term. So, this is
125 a month.
When you become a member of this down
below, you're going to get a 2-week
trial of this. So, if you want to just
check out what's in here, um then you
could just check it out for free.
And what's really cool is this isn't
just uh
you know, a place to learn marketing,
but this gives you uh tools
um to help promote your business as
well. So, one thing that they have in
here that I use pretty regularly for
these YouTube videos is the image
generator.
And this is how I make all of my
thumbnails. So, in the past, I used to
make all of them with Thumbnail Blaster,
but because I suck at making thumbnails,
I just use this. I put in a prompt.
Um faceless YouTube worth it, and this
is literally the prompt that I put in.
So, if you want to do YouTube videos,
then
this is literally how I do it. I would
like to have a thumbnail created using
the picture of myself on the right,
as you can see right there. On the left,
have it say faceless YouTube worth it.
Uh make the background black, and have
the text on white except the word worth
it. Have that be in yellow text. Use a
black stroke around the letter so the
text is easy to read. Um, that's like
the
border around the border so like it's
easy this is the text sticks out and it
kind of pops out I guess. And then I
just have a picture. I just go through
these pictures over and over again. And
that's how I do these thumbnails. So,
yeah, you can make really nice um,
YouTube thumbnails with this. They also
have a tool that'll
literally tell you exactly what to post.
Like, they'll give you the exact video
idea.
That's called Traffic Meister right
here.
And you literally can just answer out
the questions that they give you right
here.
And based on the answers you give it,
it'll show it'll tell you exactly what
to do every single day. Like, make one
long form video, make maybe two short
form videos, make a Facebook post.
Um, and you can pick and choose what you
want to do.
And it'll help you create the entire
thing.
So, yeah, it's a really nice tool and I
know a lot of members have gotten really
great uh, results with it.
So, Email Alchemist helps you write
emails, Link Rotator,
um, send one link to multiple business.
I didn't know they had that actually. I
was paying for another traffic rotator,
but
um, looks like I'll have to I'll be able
to cancel that then. I didn't even know
that. I I haven't Yeah, I haven't even
been in the back office in such a long
time. So, this is completely new to me.
Uh, QR codes. See, yeah, they're always
adding new stuff in here.
And the thing that I love about it is
they're never charging more money.
So, if you want to learn a specific
method like Facebook or YouTube,
LinkedIn, any of these methods, they
have a full course on it. And then
probably the best part about this
premium package is the live masterminds
every single multiple days of the week.
So, Monday through Friday they have
the
TNC mastermind which is traffic and
conversions.
And then you have the daily grow rich
masterminds. And that's like the Think
and rich book. They read segments of
that. And it's a it's a pretty cool
thing that you could check tune into
right here. For me it's a 2:00 early in
the morning so I I tend to not tune into
these, but every now and then I'll tune
into this one.
And you have different six and
seven-figure earners
sharing exactly what they're doing.
Uh they also have a Monday night
mastermind every like 7:00 p.m. Central
where they feature a new member who's
getting results and then that person
shares how they're getting results. I
was on a few of them as well. And I
shared what I did with YouTube and so
that's another cool thing. So this
product pays you $100 residuals and then
the FLA product um completely optional
by the way pays you an extra 400 bucks
per sale. So it's a one-time commission
and you can make money here as well, but
how do you make money with this program?
Well, the cool thing is you don't have
to worry about building out any you know
page yourself you are not if you're not
if you don't feel confident confident
doing that. So if you just want to
promote this you want to get in profit
as quickly as possible then you could
just plug into their done for you page
that they have right here. So you can
copy this link
open it up and it has your own
um you know, replicated page that you
can use right here. So send traffic to
this
um someone opts in
they get taken to the next step in the
funnel
which I'll show you what that looks like
right here. So links and uh that is that
would be this one right here. And this
is the VSL that it leads to. So
uh it converts very well.
Uh you'll see a lot of the members
including myself on this page somewhere
down here from one of their events.
And I'll be at their event in um
in Missouri next month. So I'm at the
owners of this company.
Uh that's Paul Hutchings and Mike Hobbs
right here. So yeah, they've been in the
industry for quite a long time and I met
a lot of other really cool people here.
I highly recommend going to events if
you're able to. If not, then one other
thing about this program is
that you could also attend it virtually.
So, if you just buy a ticket,
what's cool is it goes to support hungry
kids all around the world. And also a
portion of your membership, when you pay
you know, a portion of the 20% that goes
to the company, they donate part of that
to the charity as well. So,
yeah, it's a company charity that helps
feed hungry kids all around the world.
Um if I open up
I have a picture here somewhere. Yeah.
So, we helped raise
what is it? Pax 216
46,000 meals.
Uh which would be like 13,000 for like
kids all around the world. So, pretty
cool thing right here that they that
they do.
And yeah, so it's a great company
overall. I really don't have anything
negative to say about this program.
Everything that
that they have here has all been good.
I've had a really great experience with
this company. And they always pay
commissions out on time.
And that's since 2016 that they've been
around. So, if you want to check it out
down below, the link is down
first going to be the first link in this
video description. And then you could
just get your link out there. Maybe
share it with someone on Facebook. They
got a video in here that goes over how
to do that. So, you could just watch
this video and it literally goes over
exactly what to do. It'll even help
message people on your behalf completely
on autopilot. So, that's another whole
thing that they have that I could get
into, but I think I've rambled on enough
about this program and everything that
they offer. So, when you join down
below, I will invite you to my private
community right here. And if you have
any questions along the way, you could
either
make a post in here
or you can message me directly on this
app or even on Messenger. Completely up
to you. And then you could just go
through my trainings right here if you
want the extra help. So, with that being
said, I've got your back. I'm here to
support you and I look forward to seeing
you get up and running and build up a
consistent residual income and maybe
also promote other things as well and
build up multiple income streams is what
I recommend doing. So, that being said,
I'll see you on the inside. Take care
and all the best.
