UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：How To Get Paid In Exitus Elite Tutorial - $2000 Instant Payments
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cYpVRKP3lY

So, how do you actually get paid in
Exodus Elite? How do you actually make
money in this program? And how are you
able to collect payments? I'm going to
go over exactly how all that works. This
is going to be a rather quick video.
Um if you want to learn more about the
compensation plan and how much you get
earned, then of course, I will have a
video link um in the description where,
you know, I have another video talking
about that. So, you can learn more about
the compensation plan down below, but I
thought I would just do a quick video
here talking about how you of course get
paid inside of this program. So, the
benefit of this program is you can get
paid almost any way that you could think
of, right? So, inside of the group of
this group right here, there's members
showing their income, and these are, you
know, Cash App payments, PayPal, you
have Stripe payments here that you can
get, and they're always adding more
options as well. You can do like direct
ACH payments, you could do um Venmo,
Zelle, anything that you could think of,
and you can just collect directly from
the customer. So, that's one thing that
is really cool about this program. When
you make a sale, you just get paid
directly, and you get your money pretty
much right away, or at least within 24
hours, depending on what method you're
using, right? But for the most part, if
you collect like a Cash App or PayPal,
you know, payment, you could just
quickly just transfer it directly to
your bank account, and that's one thing
that is pretty cool. So, yeah, this
program is still converting very well.
If you're looking for a sponsor to help
you get up and running and get you the
support that you need, then rest assured
that you are in the right place because
when you jump on board down below, I
have a private community that that I'll
get you access to with additional
trainings, as well as a funnel that
you'll be able to replicate for this
program and the ability to earn from
other income streams as well. So, that
being said,
when you join Exodus Elite uh down
below, of course, the one thing is
you'll want to join at the highest level
you can afford right away. So, just come
in at whatever level makes sense to you.
Don't go, you know, don't go like in
massive amounts of debt for it. You
know, don't like avoid paying your rent
just to get in.
You know, just come in where you can fit
in and then you could just work your way
up from there. But once you get in then
you'll be prompted to go through this
section right here
that helps you set up your like profile,
you buy domain name and then right here
underneath
settings
there is an option here that says
payment options. So I go in here
and these are all the options that you
can get paid by, right? So
you have Cash App and all you really
need for this is you just put in your
you know, cash tag
Cash App URL. So that's mine right there
and when someone goes to sign up then
they will just
you know, type either type in my name
directly on their Cash App device or
they could just you know, paste this URL
in a browser.
So
if I go back here and I copy this link
someone can paste this in
and they could pay me the amount of the
product. So that's really how it all
works. It's as simple as that.
They scan the QR code with their phone
and then they can pay directly. So
that's pretty nice. So let me go back
here for a second. You have Cash App,
you have PayPal
Venmo which I have not set up yet but I
might add that. You have Zelle that's
directly to your bank and you can really
use any options that you want. Of
course, I recommend have as many as you
possibly can.
But that's a nice thing. So Stripe,
Square
and for the most part all you really
need is you just put in the
information that it asks for. So your
PayPal email you know, Stripe you just
copy a code from the Stripe back office
and they have like a video going over
like where to find that. Square I guess
is coming soon. Wise or TransferWise as
it used to be called, uh, that's another
option. That's really good for if you
are if you have customers from
uh, like overseas. So, it's a really
great platform to use if you are
collecting and
you know, making payments to other
countries outside of where you live. So,
this it might be really popular option
for people that are outside of the USA.
And that's an option you can go with and
then of course you have crypto which I
think anyone can really get into and
that's one of the cool option. So, uh,
that being said, those are all the
options in here.
If you
um,
if you have any questions about this,
feel free to drop a comment below.
Otherwise, if you're ready to jump on
board and start earning these
high-ticket commissions up to $2,000 per
customer,
then click on the first link down below,
get started in Next Level Elite right
now.
You can reach out to me if you have any
questions. Otherwise, jump on board.
I'll get you plugged into my community
right here and then if you want, you can
um, leverage the funnel that will be
available to you as well and then you
could also plug into the other income
streams that I'll mention in here as
well. And one other thing that I one
last thing that I will mention is uh,
when you promote this program and you
use the funnel that I'm going to give
you, the cool thing about it is it's
going to incentivize your members to
come in at one of the higher levels. So,
I would say the thousand or the two
thousand. And the way that I'll be doing
that is I'm going to be offering
additional training um, well additional
like uh, video coaching sessions to
those who come in at the higher levels
right here. So, if you want to make the
most amount of money possible for the
same amount of work, then ideally you'd
want to be positioned here.
And then uh, you'll get access to my um,
you know, you'll get access to my
coaching calls and then anyone that you
bring on board when you promote the
funnel that I give you, uh, then they're
going to be prompted to come in at one
of those higher levels as well so that
you make the most amount of money for
the work that you're putting in. That's
of course uh, one thing that's going to
encourage you to of course promote this
program. So, that being said, um
join down below. I'll see you on the
inside and take care. All the best.
