UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Best Affiliate Marketing Blueprint To Fire Your Boss ASAP!
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKGtMbkuba0

If you have been looking for a realistic
way that you can generate a full-time
income online without needing a massive
following on social media and just
following a very simple blueprint, then
you've come to the right place because
I'm going to show you exactly what to do
to build up a full-time income online
and do so without having to be super
salesy or without having to hit need a
massive following on social media. Now,
right here what you're seeing on screen
are results members are getting inside
of one of the income streams that I'm
running with right here. This is a
high-ticket program and what's really
cool about this program is the fact that
you get paid instantly directly from the
customer. So, you could earn commissions
anywhere from 100, 250, 500, 1,000, and
$2,000 instant payments. You get paid
directly however you want and you also,
like I mentioned, get paid instantly.
And it goes directly to your account. Uh
so, the cool thing about this program is
it's been around for a very long time
since 2014 and 12 years later this
program is still converting very well.
So,
just to give you an idea, this member
here, Shawn, posted just 2 days ago. If
anyone is wondering how real this can
be, this was 10 years ago this week.
This business is awesome was then and
still is the best I've ever been a part
of. He earned almost 30K in just 12 days
of joining. No income results
guaranteed, but this is just to show
what's possible when you plug into the
right system and you follow a proven
blueprint. What I wanted to talk talk
about in this video is how you can build
up to a full-time income by also
leveraging multiple income streams at
once and I want to show you the exact
funnel that I'm setting up right now for
my team members that you're going to be
able to replicate when you decide to
partner up with myself. And you could do
so anytime in this video by clicking on
the first link down below and learning
more about what this program is all
about. But, uh essentially what I'm
doing right now
is I have a funnel in place, and I've
made a another version of this funnel
for a program that I promoted, you know,
a couple years ago, which I'm still
promoting right now. But, I'm going to
make another funnel very similar to what
I'm going to show you here that's going
to promote both this program and like
three other income streams as well. So,
just to give you an idea on what this
looks like, I'm using a tool called the
HBA Funnel Builder, and it's a very
simple page builder tool. It's a $25 per
month, um you know, funnel builder. You
could build out very nice looking
capture pages just like this and use it
to market really anything that you want.
And what I've done with uh this program
is about 2 years ago, I made a funnel
It was a done-for-you funnel for this
exact program. So, I was mainly
promoting this as like my front end
offer, you know, the funnel builder
tool. And it's a great tool if you want
to build residual income, but what I was
doing with this is I built out a funnel
that gives a free lead magnet. Now, what
that is is where you offer something for
free on the front end in exchange for
someone's email address. So, it says
here, "Enter your first name and email."
And you could just ask for the email if
you want, but "Free training reveals how
to step into an immediately profitable
online business without any selling or
convincing." And so, what someone got
access to when they opted in was my
4-day affiliate boot camp. Uh this I
named the affiliate boot camp funnel,
and I'm going to make a whole 'nother
version of this, and it's going to be
mainly focused on helping you earn high
ticket commissions online. But, how this
was set up was someone opts in.
They get access to the four videos. They
get video one right away.
Uh tomorrow they get day two sent to
their email inbox,
uh which would be this video. Day three,
2 days later they get the third video.
And then day four, they get the fourth
video, right? And so, each video goes
over a specific uh it teaches a specific
element of making money online with
affiliate marketing. And then, of
course, at the end, uh I give a call to
action to where someone can join at this
exact program. Now, as a bonus, when I
set this funnel up, anyone can when they
sign up to this program, they have the
option of replicating this entire funnel
and then adding their own affiliate link
right below the videos. And then, they
could just promote program and then let
my videos do the the selling and telling
for them on their behalf. When someone
clicks, they earn the commission. And I
also had my private community that I
gave away alongside with this as a
bonus. And so, that was a Facebook
community, which now I've updated it.
Now it's on the school platform. So,
that being said, this is a really great
way if you want to encourage people to
check out what you're offering is by
offering something for free on the front
end. This is all really great if you are
also intending on selling a high-ticket
program. So, if you send uh traffic
directly to a high-ticket product, you
know, especially if you're doing cool
traffic, people are likely not going to
be interested in joining right away
because there isn't really that much
trust built out. However, if you provide
value on the front end and you provide
something for free that people can go
through, that they can learn about,
then, you know, then you offer maybe
like a bonus alongside with it,
then that will make people much more
open to investing a thousand or two
thousand dollars in a high-ticket
program like this, for example. And
that's why I've decided that I'm going
to build another version of this exact
funnel that you're going to get access
to very soon. Now, the other thing that
I did with this program and also with
another program that I promoted
afterwards was whenever I had someone
join me and they signed up to one of my
offers, I would send them to a page like
this.
Um like a very quick welcome video.
Kind of nav uh going over like how to
navigate the program, how to get access
to everything. And then right below
here, I would have links to additional
income streams that they would ideally
need. So, regardless of what you're
marketing online, you're going to need a
funnel builder tool if you want to
collect leads. And for that, I recommend
the HBA funnel builder because it's only
25 bucks and you can use it to collect
leads and market any any business that
you want. It's a really great tool to
have. It's also really great an income
stream.
And then you could also recommend other
other things, right? So, an email auto
responder tool. These you probably don't
really need need anymore because HBA
recently came out with their own email
auto responder. So, you could just pay
25 bucks and then have both the funnel
builder and an auto responder tool
all-in-one. So, that kind of saves you
money here. But then, you might also
consider recommending a paid traffic
source
or uh maybe like another program that
you think is complementary. So,
the funnel that I'm going to build up
around
uh this program right here
is going to lead with this program on
the front end where you can earn
high-ticket commissions. And so, the
program that I'm leveraging here is
called Exodus Elite. It's been around
since 2014.
And you can earn commissions anywhere
from 100, 250, 500, 1,000, and 2,000
depending on what product package that
someone buys when they click on your
link. So, this pays out 100% commission.
It's an instant uh commission that you
get. And the way how they're able to do
that is because there is an admin fee
with each product package right here.
Now, if you want to
um you know, make the most amount of
money with this program, then
ideally would you'd want to own the
highest product level right here, which
is a one-time payment. And then you
could earn commissions on it as many
times as you want. The reason why I've
decided to lead with this program on the
front end is because of the fact that
when you lead with a high ticket program
and you make a sale, especially at one
of these higher levels, the benefit is
you get paid directly to you and then
you could use part of that money to
reinvest in your business. You could
either use that to invest in other tools
or you could use that to invest in
paid traffic, for example, if you don't
want to be on social media all day
creating content 24/7 and that'll help
save you some time. So that is the
leverage that you get when you lead with
a high ticket program and the whole
other concept that I want to really talk
about here is
pay your bills now.
Right? So what a lot of people do when
they get into affiliate marketing is
they
find a product that is, you know,
you know, pay may pays maybe like 50%
commissions and it's like a $50 product
or a 100 and then when you make a sale,
I mean, it doesn't really do that much
of a difference for you. Like you kind
of get excited a little bit when you
when you make a sale, but it's not like
life-changing. And so unless if you
happen to have a massive following on
social media or you have a massive
budget to spend in paid ads, it's very
unlikely that you're going to turn a
profit and make life-changing income
with, you know, just a small handful of
referrals. But when you promote a
program like this, for example,
especially on the front end and you and
you make even just one sale a month,
that's an extra 1,000 bucks that you've
made with just one sale. And so uh then
you can get to a full-time income
without having to refer hundreds of
people and then you could of course
build up to a full-time income and have
more freedom, a lot more breathing room.
Now that being said, it's also uh a lot
harder to
uh make more sales from, you know,
new people rather than getting uh sales
from uh returning customers. And so,
that's why I recommend having other
income streams that you recommend on top
of the main offer that you're promoting.
So, the idea with this is this funnel
that I'm going to build for you, it's
going to allow you to earn from multiple
income streams. And so, with Exodus
Elite, the total amount that you can
make per customer is $2,000, which is
pretty cool. You make $2,000 here,
and this in itself is pretty good. And I
know for most people would be
life-changing if you got just one of
these every single month. For some
people, if you are living in maybe like
a third world country or something, or I
would I don't want to say third world,
but developing, this one sale can maybe
can pay maybe like multiple months of
rent for you just from one sale. So, on
top of this,
you could recommend other things. And
the second product that we're going to
be promoting is going to be the HBA
Funnel Builder. And this product here
pays 80% recurring commissions on every
single customer.
Every customer in residuals alone is
going to pay you a total of 128. That's
assuming if they buy the three recurring
products that they have right here. And
that comes in every single month from
work that you put in one time. Now, I've
been a member of HBA for about 3 years
now, and there are several people that
I've referred to this. Some a year ago,
some even over 2 years ago, that still
have their accounts active right now,
and I'm still getting paid for work that
I put in one time. And if you're looking
to build a sustainable income, then
ideally you can do that
with anywhere from 25 to 50 customers,
and then you can get to, you know, maybe
like around three to four thousand
dollars a month just in residuals. And
that's with 25 customers alone. So,
disclaimer, results are not guaranteed.
It of course takes hard work to
get results with anything that you do,
but this is to show you what's possible.
So, with every single customer you
refer, you make 2,000 bucks a year in
total. And then with HBA, you earn
uh 128.
Actually, 528 because another product
pays 400 bucks one time. So, 528 plus
128 residuals, but we'll just count
this.
And then you can recommend other things
as well. So, that way the total amount
that you could earn per customer is a
lot higher compared to if you just
promote one program and you try to
promote that standalone. And so, what a
lot of big leaders will try to do is
they'll
uh you know, they'll get you to join uh
you know, a rent random affiliate
program or maybe even like an MLM and
they will tell you to just stay focused
on that one thing.
And although you can do well if you
really lock in and you send lots of
traffic, however, for the average
person,
it's becoming a lot harder to go viral
on social media. It's becoming a lot
harder to spend money in paid ads,
especially if the product you're
promoting doesn't really pay that much
per sale. And it's a lot harder to get
in profit
if you're only making like a 50 bucks
per customer. So, that's why I recommend
promoting multiple products and that is
the whole purpose of the system that I'm
uh
running with right here. So, if you want
to get access to the funnel that I've
went over as well as the private
community where you can learn more in
depth about how to get traffic and
promote anything that you want, then
you'll want to click on the first link
down below and join uh me in the main
program that I'm running with right
here, which is Exodus Elite. When you
click on that link down below,
you'll be prompted to get one of the
products right here. And like I
mentioned, you're eligible to you you're
eligible to earn on the highest product
level that you come in at and everything
below. So, if you want to make the most
amount of money with this program, come
in at the highest level that you can
afford from the uh from the start, so
that way you don't
miss out on any potential commissions
and you can make the most amount of
money up front. So, that being said,
once you're on board, I will get you an
invite to this community and that's
going to have instructions on how to set
up this exact done for you system that
you you can plug into and earn from
multiple income streams just by sharing
one link. That being said, if you if you
have any questions, drop a comment below
or message me directly on Messenger,
which that link will be in the
description. I'll get back to you as
soon as I see your message and with that
being said, take care and all the best.
