UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Is Traffic Ignition Legit Or A SCAM?! - WATCH ASAP! 🚨🤯
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYU5TTuQ0CE

Hey, it's Aura here. Hope you're doing
well. If you've clicked on this video,
then you're probably doing a bit of
research on a new program called Traffic
Ignition. You want to know if this is
actually legitimate and if you could
actually make $19,525
a month without personally referring
anyone as this site actually claims. So,
I'm going to go over everything that you
get inside this program. I'm going to
talk about uh how this program is
structured, how you make money, and of
course, whether or not it is worth
joining this program. So, uh real quick,
if you want to check out my number one
recommendation to earn a full-time
income online, then you could check out
the system that I'm using down below and
that is a high-ticket program that I'm
using
where you can get paid directly and earn
instant commissions. So, it's a pretty
cool program and let's talk about what
Traffic Ignition is all about. So, this
program is 49 bucks to start. And what
what I should first mention is this is a
marketing system built from uh the
owners of Traffic Authority. So, this is
one of the most popular um
traffic stores for affiliate marketers
online and it's been around since 2015.
So, a little over 10 years that this
platform has been around and the owner
of this platform has been in the
industry since
I want to say the early 2000s. So, quite
a while that he's been in the industry
and been doing this type of uh business
right here, which is set selling
advertising online. So, uh this platform
uh it's it's popular because the traffic
quality is known to convert very well.
The one reason why a lot of people tend
to uh
be turned away from this program is
because of the fact that the uh pricing
of the traffic is a lot higher compared
to other traffic stores out there. So,
if you compare this to platforms like
Udemy, Traffic Zest,
Solo Ads X, or uh Traffic For Me,
um then this is like more, I guess,
like, you know, premium type of pricing
that you're getting right here. However,
one of the things that you're getting
with Traffic Ignition, this new platform
that it's built is when you become a
member of this platform for 49 bucks,
you get access to the wholesale traffic
store
where you can buy traffic authority uh
packages at like uh like half off,
right? So, uh what I will first mention
is they had a previous system about a
year prior uh that was very similar to
this
called Affiliate Mentor, and uh just to
give you an idea on what this program
was like, uh this is one of the things
that they had. So, this will give you an
idea on what you'll get when you sign up
to Traffic Ignition.
And for example, if we look at, you
know, here, 800 clicks at 65 cents um
per click
um for 497. If we compare that Traffic
Authority, it was uh it's like 800
clicks, it's like, you know, double the
price, basically. So, it's pretty much
the same thing that you're getting with
uh Traffic Ignition.
And that's for 49 bucks uh per month
right here. Now, as far as the actual
compensation plan goes, how much uh do
you earn, and can you really make that
much, you know, this amount as it claims
right here? Well, that's ultimately get
going to depend on the amount of volume
that you do yourself, and also it's
going to depend on people below you
uh you know, getting sales as well. So,
what they have here is forced 5 by 5
matrix, and this pays out
um
half of the monthly
uh payment throughout five people,
basically. So, when you bring someone on
board uh right under you, you make $5
per month, which doesn't sound like like
a lot, but the idea is when you bring uh
when those people bring um you know,
four people under under them, then you'd
make $5
um up to five levels deep, right? So
then the idea is you can make
25 bucks a month
up to 25 bucks a month for one person if
that's if they bring four people under
you um
four people under themselves, right? And
then that's uh you know, kind of how
it's structured right here. And then
they have this other product here
that's on the checkout page, which is a
one-time 50 $50 payment.
And when you have this activated, then
um this qualifies you to get an extra
$40 for anyone who buys this. So,
you know, in total you could earn, you
know, 40 plus five per individual
referral, you know, per month. And then
uh after that, then it's like if they
bring, you know, four other people on
board, then you make like, you know,
five bucks each, right? So,
um as far as like, you know, this claim
right here goes, yes, it is possible.
However, it is going to require a lot of
volume on your end. And anyone who like,
you know, makes this claim, it's
typically going to be from like the big
leaders that have the massive followings
that are bringing on uh you know, they
have the massive email list. And the
problem with a lot of programs like this
is whenever a new program launches, you
know, this program is still in the
pre-launch phase, by the way. So, it
doesn't even fully release until August
31st. But um what the issue with a lot
of these new programs is the fact that
when it when they come out, a lot of the
big leaders jump on them. They market to
their massive followings. They, you
know, they lure people in on board. And
then after a couple months when a
program kind of loses momentum or it
dies down or people lose interest, then
there's another thing that launches and
then they join that program and then
their followers all flock to that new
program. And so that's kind of the
thing. So, uh when you promote this
program right now in in phase where it's
kind of in that pre-launch phase, you're
probably are you probably are going to
get some sales right away, you know, if
you are, you know, either posting
YouTube videos like what I'm doing right
here, or if you um
you do like a solo you buy like a solo
ad, you send it to the done-for-you
funnel that they give. Um so that's one
way that you'll likely get, you know,
sales because of the new shiny program
that came out. However, what happens
with a lot of these programs is once the
momentum dies down, then people aren't
that as much anymore and then it's a lot
harder to get sales, right? So, that's
the thing I've always kind of hated
about new programs is the fact that when
they come out,
it's mainly, you know, they target a lot
of newbies and then
um you know, the newbies that join, they
don't really make that much, right? So,
uh that being said, the other reason why
I have doubts about this program is
because what I mentioned earlier, um the
previous system that was uh built for
Traffic Authority was Affiliate Mentor,
which was a year ago. Um not even
a year later,
uh yeah, like a year later, they it
seems like they've kind of abandoned
this program and now Traffic Ignition
has kind of taken its place. So, I don't
know why they felt the need to make an
another program, which is almost the
same type of thing just with different
branding.
Um the only thing I the one good thing I
will say about this program is as far as
like
um what you're getting,
I think the compensation plan here is
slightly better than what Affiliate
Mentor had. The pricing is not as high
as Affiliate Mentor.
And as far as the wholesale traffic
store, you get that with the $49 per
month membership versus in my case when
I joined Affiliate Mentor last year, I
had to upgrade to this right here, the
VIP Club, which was, I think, $397.
And that got me like, I think I got like
2 years from that. Um so, $397, I I
joined here and then that got me the
whole sale traffic store. And then with
their
two by two matrix, it's kind of set up
in a way where you have to bring two
people on board and then those two
people can bring two people each and
then once that matrix fills up then you
make 500 bucks. So
like three people not like six people
had to
spend
400 bucks for you to make 500 which I
don't really think is really worth it.
And then the spark program was 25 bucks
one time and then like six people had to
you know invest 25 bucks in the matrix
for you to make 50 bucks. So yeah and
then the core product was 49 per month
and then that just paid you know regular
recurring base affiliate commission. So
I don't know I for me personally I would
have just had it to where all three
were just standard affiliate programs
like have spark pay like 50% commission.
This could you know stay the same as it
is and then VIP club could have just
been
you know like a 50% commission here as
well. I just think that that's much
easier.
You know these matrix top programs I'm
just not really a fan of just because of
the fact that you know you could be
putting in a ton of work yourself. You
could have the work ethic and you could
you can go into this you know with the
with the intention of really sticking
with this one program but the problem
with a lot of programs like this and
also MLMs as well is 90% of people are
going to drop off and they're not going
to continue to produce. So that is
unless if you happen to bring on a bunch
of you know big leaders underneath you
and they happen to be doing a ton of
work as well. It is set up in a way
where you're depending on other people
to get to a full-time income and
maintain a consistent income online. So
in my opinion I don't see this program
being that sustainable in the long term.
It's going to be really hot in the
beginning you know the first couple
months, and then after a while, you
know, it'll kind of be like what
Affiliate Mentor was. Like, you know,
after a year, like I don't really see
any anyone talking about this program or
anyone promoting it. So, I don't know if
people are still marketing this program
or if any if everyone here just moved on
to the Traffic Ignition.
And I don't know if this program will go
through the same, you know, it it might
go through the same uh phase as well,
where it'll be really hot and then, you
know, maybe like a year later there'll
be another version of this.
Slightly different pricing, different
branding, but same product, basically,
you know, um
So, that's just my personal opinion. And
for me, I've always been more of a fan
of just standard either recurring-based
affiliate programs or high-ticket
programs because you know exactly what
you're going to make when you bring on a
specific number of customers, and the
benefit is you get paid more for your
own efforts rather than depending on
other people. So, that's how I
personally like to go with it, and
uh in my case, I promote two affiliate
programs,
one of which is a high-ticket program
where you can earn up to $2,000 per
sale. It's pays you instantly.
And then the other program, um you can
earn recurring commissions as well. So,
yeah, if you want to check out the
program I'm using, you can learn about
it down below, and I also have my own
school community
that I provide additional support as
well. So, if you want like video
coaching calls, if you want additional
trainings on how to go out there and
market anything that you want, then I
have all that
uh right here. So, uh that being said,
if you have any questions, feel free to
drop a comment below. Let me know if you
agree or disagree with anything that I
said right here. I'm open to all
feedback, and you can also message me
directly if you have any questions about
the system that I'm using. So, that
being said, take care, and see you on
the inside.
