UP主：MrOrangeDream
标题：Make Money Online Anywhere In The World - Become A Digital Nomad 2026
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXvzXE4vtEs

So, you've been watching a ton of travel
vlogs lately. You've been learning about
Southeast Asia, Latin America, Eastern
Europe, and you really want to travel
overseas. You want to see how life is in
other countries. You feel like life in
America is a complete rip-off, and the
cost of living is
way higher than it should be. It's
absolutely ridiculous. But, you just
want to live comfortably. You maybe you
want to start a family. Maybe you want
to retire. You just want to enjoy the
rest of your years. And the best way of
doing that is by making money online.
When you make money online, you can live
anywhere in the world. You have a lot
more flexibility. You can move around a
lot easier. And the question is, how do
you make money online?
There's all these these different ways
of making money online. There's all
these different business models you can
learn about. There's freelancing.
There's Amazon FBA. There's
cryptocurrency you can you can learn
about. You can learn about drop
shipping.
But, what is the simplest way that the
average person can build up a full-time
income without being on the computer
24/7 and allowing yourself to have more
freedom? So, I don't recommend
work-from-home jobs. Most of them don't
really pay that much. And you got to be
on a very specific time zone to do
those, and it's still barely enough to
live comfortably. Maybe you find a
decent job, but I would ideally
recommend having online income that you
generate via an online business. Now,
that being said,
the simplest online business that you
can start right now is something known
as digital marketing. And all that is is
where you just promote other companies'
products online for a commission. And
then, of course, you get paid. So, the
way that I like to
describe this is kind of comparing it to
like the connector model, right? So,
you're probably very well familiar with
companies like
Uber,
um Airbnb.
And there's another company called
TaskRabbit.
So, all these companies
I don't feel like writing all that out,
but all these companies right here, what
they have in common is they don't own
anything, right? So, Uber does not own
any cars, yet they are the largest taxi
company in the world. And they are
simply connecting
the customer,
the person that wants to get to their
destination.
And then you have the person on here on
the right that wants to make money. So,
here you are on the left, you want to
get to the airport so you can catch a
flight, and you need you need a ride, so
you download the Uber app. This person
here on the right, they download the
app, they accept the ride when you
uh when you request it on the app.
He gives you a ride, he gets paid,
you get to your destination, and you're
happy. So, Uber in the middle, they make
a cut out of every single ride that
takes place. Same goes with Airbnb, they
don't own any property, however, a
property owner can list their, you know,
their space on Airbnb. You could rent
it, and you could stay in a place
without going to regular hotel. This
person makes money, you stay where
you're at, and Airbnb takes a cut out of
every single transaction. So, affiliate
marketing is pretty much the same exact
concept. All you're really doing is
you're just marketing other companies'
products and services online for a
commission. And your only real skill,
the only thing that you really need to
need to learn is how to generate traffic
online. So, every single retailer that
you know of has an affiliate program.
Just to give you an idea, Amazon, the
largest retailer in the world, has an
affiliate program. You could sign up.
You can get a link to any product that
you find on the marketplace, and then
you make a commission.
Um, there's There's other platforms like
ClickBank, JVZoo, Warrior Plus, and
these tend to have more digital
products.
And these are really the type products
that you want to promote if you want to
get to a full-time income because they
tend to pay out higher commissions. Now,
the problem with a lot of these
platforms is most products here they
still don't really pay that much. Maybe
you'll get like 50 bucks a sale or
something like that. And either you're
going to need to have a massive
following on social media
or you're going to need um you're going
to need to be messaging hundreds of
people daily or spend a ton of money on
paid ads, which even then it's still
very hard for the average person to get
in profit doing affiliate marketing for
the most part. So, what I recommend is
you want to promote products that are in
the high-ticket range. Products that'll
pay you anywhere from uh 500 per sale.
Let me go here. Um 500 per sale.
1,000
or 2,000 dollars.
And the whole benefit here is when you
promote products that pay you these high
amounts,
then you don't really need that many
sales a month to get to a full-time
income. And so, especially if you're
looking to live somewhere in Southeast
Asia or maybe Eastern Europe where the
cost of living is significantly lower
than the West where you can get a very
nice studio apartment um for you know
that's like you know fully furnished
even for maybe like a couple hundred
bucks a month, then you're going to be
living a lot better with even just you
know 1,000 or 2,000 dollars a month in a
lot of these other countries compared to
how you would in the West where you know
your average shoebox apartment is 2,000
bucks a month and doesn't come
furnished. You got to verify that you
make three times the rent.
Then you got to go through this whole
application process. Then you got to
show that you have a good credit score.
And And all these extra steps that you
got to worry about. But, if you figure
out a way to earn an extra 500, 1,000,
or 2,000 a month online, then you can
be able to relocate pretty easily. So,
what I want to show you here is a
program that I've been promoting that
allows you to earn these high ticket
amounts, 500, 1,000, and $2,000
payments. And the cool thing about this
exact program is when you make a sale,
you get paid instantly. However you
want,
to any payment method that you use,
PayPal, Cash App, Zelle, Venmo,
what however you, you know, whatever
platform you use to collect payments and
send money, and store money, you can use
it to collect payments online, and you
get paid instantly. So, when you get
just one sale at one of these levels,
then you can get to a full-time income
pretty easily. Now, what I also want to
mention is if you want to promote this
exact offer that I'm going to mention,
I'm going to have a done-for-you funnel
set up that you can replicate if you
want. It's going to have a simple
capture page. And the reason why you
want to have a page like this set up is
because when you send traffic online,
you promote your link, you learn simple
marketing,
then you're going to need to collect
leads. So, regardless of how great the
product is, regardless of how well it
converts,
most people are not going to buy the
first time that they see it. So, for
that reason, you want to have a page
that'll collect leads online, and it
just asks for their name and email,
right? So, in my case, I've created this
funnel that offers a free training. And
if you want to learn more in-depth about
this, you could check it out down below.
This is a free training that you could
offer people, you could send traffic,
and you could either send traffic by
doing
simple videos on social media, maybe you
do a couple, you know, faceless videos
on, you know, TikTok for example, which
I have a whole training on that that I
give access to, or you could even do
something like solo ads, and you could
just pay someone to send traffic to your
link. So, you could just say, "Hey, I
want 100 clicks sent over to my link
right here." You give them the link to
one of your pages.
They market the link.
Right? You just pay the amount, and then
people will opt in. They will learn
about the um you know, what you're
promoting. And then when they click on
the button below, and they sign up to
the program, then that's of course where
you get paid. So, this is one thing that
you're going to get access to from me,
is you're going to be able to copy my
exact funnel that I've set up. And all
you really need is you just need a way
to promote your link and get eyeballs in
into your, you know, the main front-end
offer right here. So, that is the other
thing that I provide within my private
community. And this goes over exactly
how you can start building up traffic
down line. And I even go over ways you
can market for free. So, I go over how
to do simple short-form videos like this
that are,
you know, 5 to 30 seconds long, and you
can do them without speaking on camera
if you don't want. You could even do
these faces if you want. Otherwise, you
could also do uh YouTube SEO, which I
have a full training on that. And once
you get really good at just one of these
methods, and you're getting traffic,
you're getting people to see what you're
promoting, then you could start building
up a full-time income pretty quickly
without needing a massive following, and
without needing to get, you know, dozens
of sales every single month. So, look,
you know, worst-case scenario, you put
in a ton of work,
maybe you get just one, you know, you
make like a thousand dollars uh you
know, in a month or something like that,
um or you make, you know, one sale,
which is two thousand bucks in a month,
then that itself can pay for one or
multiple months of rent in another
country where you choose to live outside
of the West. So, this is why
you definitely want to be making money
online and the best way to get to a
full-time income for the average
everyday person, the low-hanging fruit
to making a full-time income online is
selling high-ticket digital products
because you don't have to worry about
creating anything you don't have to
worry about having a massive following
online. You don't need a massive email
list. You don't need to be super salesy
because when you promote a program that
converts very well, then it's going to
help sell itself. So, you can check out
the program down below.
It's going to be the first link in the
description and you could also get
access to the funnel that I'm setting up
right here.
The way how this program works
is this is a digital
um education platform. It teaches
marketing, it teaches social media
monetization.
Pretty much any type of online business
you're building, they teach various
different methods of doing that. And you
were able to earn commissions up to the
$2,000 uh range right here. So,
the way how this program is set up is
you're eligible to earn commissions at
whatever level you come in at and
everything below. So, if you want to
make $1,000 commissions and $2,000
payments, then ideally you would want to
be positioned at uh this level right
here. And the cool thing is there's no
monthly fees you got to worry about.
It's a one-time payment and once you own
that product and you get just one sale,
then you're in profit
and then you you know, you basically
make your money back well aside from the
admin fee at whatever level you come in
at. And then but once you get two sales
and you're in profit and everything else
you earn is profit to you. If you want
to start at one of these lower levels
and you don't want to you don't want to
invest 2,000 bucks right up front, which
I get that, then you could start, you
know, at 250 or 500
and then work your way up. When you make
a sale and you want to upgrade, just pay
the difference. don't have to pay the
full price when you upgrade, and then
make a sale here.
Um use that towards the next product
level, just pay the difference, and then
you can um get in profit. You can get
positioned here, and then you could earn
these instant $2,000 commissions. So,
what I want to mention with this program
is it's been around since 2014, and they
also have a phone sales team that'll
even help convert sales for you on your
behalf. So, this program's been around a
while. It's still converting very well,
and if you want to build up a full-time
income, then I would highly recommend
plugging into a high-ticket affiliate
program like this. So, that way you can
make the most amount of money for the
work that you're putting in, and that's
without having to send tons of traffic
or spend a ton of money on paid ads. So,
that being said, if you have any
questions about this, you could either
drop a comment below this video, or
message me directly on Messenger, and
I'll get back to you as soon as I see
your message. Otherwise, jump on board
right now. I will see you on the inside,
and take care. All the best.
