UP主：The AI Advantage
标题：OpenAI Just Gave Codex a Superpower & More AI News You Can Use
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7F0fNIQWKg

Welcome to another week in AI. There's a
lot of things that were released. I
think honestly most of them do not
matter. Look, I know this can be a lot,
but these are all the stories we looked
at this week and some of it sounds
really fancy, but doesn't work as you
would expect it to. Whereas other stuff
is just not practical to a consumer
who's just trying to get things done.
And that's why this Friday we'll be
focusing on the stories that make a
difference. I think there's two things
here really. First one is OpenAI Codex
record and replay where you can just do
something, have AI record you while you
do it and then it can repeat that. And
this one actually works. Seen that
That's what we're going to talk about
today. This episode of AI news you can
use where we basically round up the
stuff that matters in the AI space. And
yeah, as per usual I'm on the go in the
Slovakian mountains as you can see. This
is real. Let's get into it. Starting
with Codex. The only unfortunate thing
about this story is that it's Mac only.
And you do need a subscription. But I
think this is going to be widely spread
in a few months now. Probably in the
free plans too. I mean, this is premium
functionality. The breakdown of it goes
like this. Inside of Codex you enable
this functionality and when you hit
record you have 30 minutes to record any
workflow on your computer. It records
your microphone and it records what
you're doing. And as you do it, it
creates what they call a skill which is
a bit more in-depth than Claude skills.
And then you can reuse that skill to
redo the workflow that you recorded at
any time. You could even schedule it
out. Now, some of you might be saying,
"Hey Igor, but this has been a thing
before. Different providers. Maybe most
notably Anthropic's Claude have this."
If you use the Anthropic Claude Chrome
extension that I have right here,
there's the exact functionality in there
where you hit this button, teach Claude,
you enable the microphone and yeah, then
you can do things and then Claude
repeats them while considering the
context from your mic. Yes. It's not
that reliable though. This has been
around for a while and it sounds so good
in theory, but for me in practice and
the team that tested it too, the one
that came out in Codex this week is just
more reliable than the Claude one. This
might change in the future, but right
now my initial take after testing Codex
and testing Claude is Codex is so much
more reliable that it actually makes me
want to use it. Whereas Claude is kind
of just under that threshold. You can
make up your own mind, you know, at the
end of the day I'm just here to show you
stuff and you can try it yourself, but
what we're going to be doing now, we're
going to be doing this workflow in
Codex. Again, Mac only and you need at
least a $20 plan to do this. But if you
have that, this is what it looks like.
You head into Codex desktop application
and here on the plugins, it's not one of
these plugins in here, but you need to
go to create on the top right and then
you go to this new option up here called
record skill. Now, this might be
geo-fenced, too. I know,
paid plan, Mac, and only certain
regions. But hey, we like to feature
that on this channel, the stuff that is
brand new and that actually works really
well. For everybody else, hey, there's
the Claude one that you can use right
now. But yeah, back to Codex. So, what
we did in our testing is we tried a few
examples and I thought one of the most
interesting ones is just something
manual that you would do on a computer,
something like uploading files to a
service, like we do with some of our
shorts every week, and then moving them
from one folder to the next. So, this is
what we're going to do here. We have one
folder with shorts over here, okay?
These are finished edited shorts from
our editor, ready to be added. Then we
want to upload them to the YouTube
channel through the browser. Simple as
that, you know, click upload and then
add them. And then as a short has been
uploaded, we want to move it from one
folder to another one, which is
basically an archive of uploaded shorts.
It's really a three-step process, but
with the upload we just have to make
sure it's a draft. So, here's what's
going to happen. We're just going to
navigate up here and say record a skill.
And as we select that, we get the choice
of in which project we want to do it.
I'm just going to say don't work in a
project, we're just going to record a
general skill with no extra context. And
now, when I hit enter, it's going to
start, well, recording. It runs for 30
minutes and I can just do something. So,
I'm going to do exactly what I said I
was going to do. I'm going to go into
the desktop. You can see the shorts
right here. I'm going to upload one of
them to YouTube. And then additionally,
you can actually comment over it. So,
whatever I say into the microphone as I
record this will be considered as
context. So, in practice, when we were
trying this the first time, essentially
what you do is you comment on every
little step just like you would to a
co-worker, right? You would be saying
things like, "Hey, now we're going to
take the files from this folder. The
order doesn't really matter. And we're
going to go into YouTube Studio up here,
go to this upload button, and then add
one of the shorts." As soon as the short
is uploading, we will switch it to be a
draft. And then, once the short is done
uploading, we will take the file on the
desktop, verify if it's the same file
name with YouTube Studio, and then we
will move the file from one folder into
the next. And that concludes our
workflow. Everything you just said there
will be transcribed and included as
context for the skill. And we'll be
repeating this. Pretty neat. So, I can
tell you in practice this took about 10
minutes in total, and we edited it down
for you. But the beautiful thing is you
take these 10 minutes once, and now I
can type {slash} and find the skill that
I recorded. And when I hit enter, it's
going to execute the same skill. And
look at that, right here it's taking the
second video file, it's uploading it to
YouTube Studio, and voila, it's in a new
folder. Now, you could go more complex.
You could do five-step, 10-step
workflows. I think at a certain point,
it's probably going to start falling
apart. Even with this one that is like
three steps, we found that by running it
a few times, well, the first one or two
times you're going to run into things
like, "Hey, can I have permissions to
this? And are you sure I can use the
browser?" And things like that. So, I
would recommend running the skill a few
times as after you recorded it. But
then, once you're over those hurdles,
there's just what I mentioned in the
beginning, which is that slight
unreliability. It's not 100% reliable
like a human who has been doing the work
for a few years. I mean, sure, humans
are never 100%, but you know what I mean
in terms of, "Hey, move the file from
here to here." If something goes wrong,
a human self-corrects or he finds a
replacement for the work that needs to
be done, whereas AI kind of just gets
stuck, and that's that. And it did
happen even in our testing. Like, right
here where we copied an unrelated
screenshot into shorts, published, and
then it's asking, "May I undo that
copy?" And then you kind of have to tell
it, "Yeah, uh you can undo your mistake.
That's okay, Codex." I think in practice
with these things it's always the same.
The idealistic version of it sounds so
good. It's like, "Oh my god, I'm going
to do this once and never again." And
then in practice it kind of does it
eight out of 10 times, nine out of 10
times. Still a huge lift, but you just
don't build this like deep trust with
the workflow or with the tool here. But
I guess what I'm saying is that Codex is
just more reliable than all the ones
we've tried before, and that's a win. We
just haven't reached this point where
you're like record 50 of these and then
you have to work like one day a week
instead of five. It's more like you
record these and instead of spending, I
don't know, 10 minutes on a task, you're
just going to check if it ran correctly
and then you can run multiple in
parallel and kind of more like a human
overseer than a human worker. I think
that's just the reality today, but
nevertheless it's really exciting to
just know that, hey, you can, you know,
hit record and then semi-automate things
in such a simple manner. I mean, let's
be real, clicking and talking, everybody
can do that, and I think that's the
beauty of this. The other story that I
wanted to cover this week is some of the
minor chat GPT updates. There's a bunch,
but honestly I think most of them are
like, "Okay, the image upload on mobile
is a bit faster now. Great." But I think
the one that I thought was interesting
as a regular user is this ability to pin
chats. Look, you can now pin both chats
and projects from this menu, so you can
kind of create a favorites list up here.
So, you could just pin something and
voila, your pinned chats include that. I
think this is really neat. Another one
is for all the football or soccer fans.
ChatGPT made a football product, which,
hey, I don't know about you, but during
the World Cup I become a soccer fan.
Over here, if you go to
chat.openai.com/football,
you will see this interface where you
can look at all the standings and really
easily learn more. Obviously, it's chat.
Maybe there's sites out there that do it
really well, but just having this inside
of ChatGPT super clean, seeing exactly
what games are coming up with all all
standings in one place is pretty great.
And hey, look look look, I know soccer
fans out there, you're going to have
your sites where it's like, "Hey, I they
have that where you talking about? Are
you or this not unique?" I just mean for
everybody else who might not have this
or wants an even cleaner view that, I
don't know, comes without ads. It's
right there in chat. You can kind of
follow up and ask things about the
groups, about the rules, about whatever.
I think this is best experience for
people who are new to soccer. And then
maybe even some more experienced people
might enjoy this. So, I wanted to show
that to you. And by the way, as I live
there, go Portugal. Oh, I guess I should
speak about one thing that we tried. We
thought this was going to be the lead
story. It was Claude tag, where you can
just add Claude and bring it into any
conversation. We actually tried this a
bunch with the team and gave up on it
about 24 hours or something. It's just
not as reliable as we want it to be.
Now, I can't help but think that maybe
we're doing something wrong, but we
literally had all our technical
moderators try them talking back and
forth and sometimes it just completely
lost the context and thread of what was
actually going on and gave nonsensical
answers. Thought that D was really
interesting and got really hyped on
Twitter, but practically, we don't love
it. If you have a different opinion or
if I might be missing something, let me
know. Okay, and those are the stories.
Honestly, as of the rest, you might know
this, but a few months ago I used to
cover everything that came out. And
something about that just didn't feel
right. I was like, I don't want to
represent stories that I do not
genuinely care about or want to
recommend in these videos. The frame
that I always keep in mind for the
YouTube channel is, "Hey, just me and
you getting coffee or dinner and you
asking, 'Hey, what's new in AI that
matters?'" And then, you know, I tell
you what I think that matters. That's
the point of the channel. But if you
want to dig in, hey, here's the overview
of our research database this week. But
that's pretty much the stories from this
week. I hope you found something useful
or inspirative for yourself. My name is
Igor and I will see you very soon.
>> I knew
you can use
AI
breaking down the stories you
actually care about.
I knew
you can use
AI is here
you figure
it out.
