UP主：The AI Advantage
标题：Fable 5 is Back! Here's the Best Way to Use It...
链接：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQkVUANCYgc

Fable 5, the best model ever available
to the public that they took down is
back and along with that it's Sonnet 5.
And we still have Opus 4.8, which was
the best as of 3 days ago. How are
normal people supposed to make sense of
this? Well, I think they're not, at
least not just based off the press
releases. That's why in this video I'm
going to break down what the differences
are, what you should use, and I actually
have some prompts here that I want to
show you that work particularly well
with uh extremely powerful new
generation model like Fable 5. Not all
use cases are created equal, and it's
always fun to talk about things that
work particularly well with a flagship
release. And also the clock is ticking
cuz this thing will not be free forever.
It's literally just a few days, so I
hope that this video will help you
squeeze the most out of these model
releases. Plus we're going to talk about
other things that happened in the AI
space briefly in this week's episode of
AI News You Can Use, a show where I used
to cover every single story and now I
focus more on the things that I think
actually matter like Fable 5 and Sonnet
5 this week. But as per usual, we always
keep it practical. It's about the stuff
that you can actually use. So let's get
into it. And yeah, the headline is
simple. Fable 5 is back. Sonnet 5 was
just released and it's the new default
inside of Claude. A lot of people
immediately ask, "Okay, so which one is
the smartest?" I think a more practical
question is, "Which one should I
actually use in what scenario?" So let's
talk about that. But first the facts.
Fable, if you're not aware, was released
a few weeks ago and then just after a
few days it has been taken down by the
US government saying, "Hey, this is too
powerful for the entire world to have
access." So Anthropic just made the call
to take it down for everyone. Now that
those export controls were lifted on
June the 30th, as of July 1st, everybody
has access to this again. Check it out.
You go to claude.ai and there it is,
Fable 5. Now you can immediately see
that this is only available through July
7th. So if you're watching this video
shortly after the upload, you're in luck
because you can still use this thing for
free. One important nuance, it already
shows here. This thing is going to shut
off when you hit 50% of your weekly
usage limits. So you can check those out
under the profile, settings, and then
here, usage. Here it says weekly limits.
They even have an extra Fable counter
cuz they know everybody's going to be
all over this. If you're not familiar,
Fable 5 eats your credits the fastest.
You guys, rightfully so, corrected me on
the last video that it's not exactly 2x
of Opus 4.8, which used to be the best
model, you know, just as of a few days
ago, but it's actually roughly 70% more
tokens. We're going to touch on usage
and tokens in the end a bit more, but
for now, just know that yeah, this is
the hungriest model, and you can't even
use all of the usage you have in your
account, just 50%. Additionally, they
added more cybersecurity safeguards on
Fable 5. So, some prompts that might be
harmless might get flagged now, whereas
before they would go through. It was
already very strict, now it's even
tighter. Whenever it hits one of those
safeguards, it's going to fall back to
Opus 4.8, their second smartest model.
And then, on a different note, they also
launched Sonnet 5, which is an upgrade
from Sonnet 4.8 that we used to have
before. If you're not familiar, it's
basically the smaller brother of Opus.
It's usually faster and way cheaper than
Opus, but also not quite as smart. Now,
in short, the gap between Opus 4.8 and
Sonnet 4.8 just got smaller, way
smaller. Opus is still better, but
Sonnet is so much faster and more
cost-efficient, that's why they set it
as the default. On many use cases, you
won't even notice. As we ran all of our
benchmarks, we basically found, "Hey, on
some of them it's a bit worse than Opus,
but it's minimal and it's just a great
deal." That's why they set it to the
default for free and pro users. Also, it
eats up your usage on your account way
slower. Like, depending on what you're
doing, it might be free 4x, but that's
just after one day of usage. But here's
the important part. The important part
is that Fable is still the goat. It's a
whole new class of model, and you should
totally be using it for complex tasks,
for things that need a lot of thinking.
That's sort of the conclusion of this
video that I'm giving you already, but I
also want to give you some things to do
and some things to tackle right now
before Fable 5 runs out and they switch
to token-based usage, where you'll
literally be paying dollars for every
single prompt that you run. As as of
now, you have a few days to kind of do
these things that I'll tell you about.
So, let's do that. Okay, in no
particular order, here are use cases
that I have found super super useful.
And for most everyday people that are
not a hardcore devs, this is what I
would try now with Fable 5 cuz again,
it's just the best thing out there.
First up, the high-level idea here is
turning chaos into a plan. So, Fable 5
more than any model before is really
really good at taking in a bunch of
chaotic documents, maybe launch
documents or business con text, and you
can ask it to sequence and organize the
work. What are the decisions that need
to be made here? In what order should I
tackle all of this madness? What am I
missing? And what is the first step?
It's so good at organizing chaos. It's
better than anything I've seen before.
This one would be hard to demo in the
video and also you don't need a precise
prompt. Kind of what I just said there
roughly is going to do it. It's more
about the context you provide. And no,
you don't want to overwhelm it. You
don't want to give it hundreds of pages,
but if you have a lot of varied stuff
and you're trying to make sense of it or
trying to plan if that didn't work
perfectly before, well, try that again
in Fable. So, the demo that I'm going to
do here for you is creating something
like a AI operating system for your
business or personal life. This has been
idea that I was pursuing early last year
already, kind of building my own AI
advantage OS and experiments, but people
are doing this all over the place.
They're building simple little hubs for
themselves where different applications
and prompts and loops all kind of live
in one space. It's a beautiful thing,
but many people are kind of overwhelmed
by this idea and rightfully so. It can
be kind of a lot at once. Like ego or AI
operating system, what do I even do?
Where do I even start? Well, I prepared
a prompt here for you and Fable happens
to be the perfect partner for you to do
that. So, let me open up Claude here and
I'll put this prompt into the
description below. And really this
prompt is going to have three blocks, so
let's talk about these for a second.
First up, it's context on the task and
the task itself. So, this is a demo
example for you here, but let's say
you're a non-technical business owner
that wants to turn their company into a
simple AI operating system. And then the
concrete task is going to be building a
30-day AI productivity plan. But with
this context here, it's going to start
designing tooling, not just telling you
what to do, which is powerful,
especially with Fable 5. Okay, here's
really the key ingredient. These are
things that I found to work really well
and good ones to start with. First of
all, we're going to have the five
highest value workflows to automate or
assist with AI. Fable 5, more than ever,
is really good at being self-conscious
and realizing what it can do, cuz it
just trained in all the cybersecurity
and development data. It's kind of my
explanation for it, but really it's just
better than any model before, so try
that. The exact first workflow to build
this week makes it very specific, gives
you like a single win. If you don't like
it, by the way, you can always iterate.
What input each workflow needs. This is
key because oftentimes, you know, you'll
need some sort of data or something from
your side. What output it should
produce. I mean, that's workflows
one-on-one. Something comes in,
something comes out. Make sure to define
that here. The human review step. Hey,
if you're working with AI, you'll know
that most use cases, especially the
high-leverage ones, have a human in the
loop. So let's include that. The likely
time saved each week. This one is at the
core of our teaching philosophy at the
AI Advantage. We think about how we can
save people time and then they can reuse
that in other ways, which makes it feel
like an investment rather than a chore.
A simple tech stack using tools a normal
business owner can handle. This just
grounds it in the context we gave it in
the beginning. And number eight, the
first prompt I should paste into Claude
to start building this. We don't want an
abstract plan, we want like a concrete
first step where you can just copy-paste
something and start making stuff. Nice.
And then there's a bit more context, a
small coaching and consulting business
with three people, sell workshops,
one-on-one coaching, a monthly
membership. Anyway, there's more details
here, including the tools. This is the
part that you would customize to
yourself. And then I guess you could
also customize this first piece. And you
could go beyond business, you could make
this personal, you could create this for
a larger business. I just think this
middle stack is really going to be
helpful to many people watching this
video. So go ahead and try it. So I'm
going to run it in here. And you know
what, for comparison, we're also going
to run it inside of Sonnet, which is
great. Like I'm not making this video to
talk badly about Sonnet. It's a
fantastic model. It's just Fable is
better than anything else. All right,
the results are in. Let's start by
reviewing the Sonnet output here. Again,
identical prompt. Okay, so let's look at
the top three, especially at the one
that it highlighted as the first
workflow to build and compare that just
in interest of time. So first of all, a
client QA assistant, like a chatbot with
context, call to action plan converter,
so it takes transcripts and tells you
what to do next, okay? Launch planner or
an email writer, which turns a launch
idea into full email sequences. Uh
can tell you this wouldn't be a valuable
one, not with a ton of work, that is.
Now, the Fable result. So the ideas are
similarish, but you can see they're all
more specific, which always makes things
more actionable. So for example, this
one is called client Q&A inbox
assistant, and then it tells you that
this one is specifically built for
emails, and it actually considered the
human review piece, which Sonnet
ignored. In this case, it would be
reading, tweaking, and sending. And then
we also have the time saved, which we
asked for. Okay, up until now, both
pretty good, actually. Small
differences, but not night and day. But
check this out. The recommendation here
is completely different. It says, "Build
this first, the call converter, because
the input already exists. Zoom generates
the transcripts for you. There's zero
preparation, and you can judge the
output instantly because you were on the
call." And then also the clients feel
it. A same-day recap with clear next
steps looks premium. And all you need to
do on this one is, well, just copy this
prompt, and as it says, paste in a
transcript, and boom, you have a first
version working. Whereas I think the
Sonnet suggestion was also good, but
there's way more steps. You have to
actually paste in the common questions.
So when I told you that Fable is just
more practical with these relatively
complex tasks, I mean, this is simple
enough for demo here in the video, it
just consistently holds true. I mean,
the brief was getting a workflow set up
immediately, and this just gives you a
prompt where you can just get a
transcript, and boom, you're up and
running, and there's no extra work. I
like that. I know that's subtle, but
those subtle differences are the
difference between making things happen
immediately or not. Now, here's what I
would actually do if I ran this. I would
do the same prompt with Fable, but I
would also attach details on my
products, on my clients. And then, if
you have a 3-month or a 12-month goal,
also include that. You could put that
below this prompt or inside of the
context. And then, here's a bonus tip.
If you go to Claude Co-work
documentation, and then you add in the
support article on how to get started
with Claude Co-work that includes some
sub-links to how to schedule tasks, or
you add any other source or link that
basically is context on how a product
that you use works. In this case,
Co-work, which is really good at
intermediate agentic use cases. Well, it
will use that information, and this is
important, to ground the truth that
Fable 5 provides you. It knows a lot.
It's very smart, but it's not
all-knowing. And oftentimes, you kind of
have to nudge it a little bit and give
it a chance to do the good work by
providing it with the context that
matters, which in this case would be the
help center of Co-work, or maybe
documentation on an app that you use.
You might assume it has that, but
usually it doesn't. AI models are
notoriously bad at self-awareness and
knowing what exactly they can do.
They're good, especially now with Fable,
at making sense of what you need and
what's doable with these apps and
reconciling that. So, whether it's this
prompt or another, giving it grounding
information and deep context on you and
your business is a high-level idea that
is going to apply now and 2 years from
now. All right, that was very use-casey.
Here's one more. Use it to plan your
application or tool builds. So, I know
many viewers of this channel have
probably built a version of a
personalized tool, and Fable is just so
good at planning them or improving them
or building them, too. But, if I had to
rank those three, planning and improving
are kind of fighting for spot one, and
then building is spot two. Other tools
are great at building, too. It's just
when you make the plan with Fable, gosh,
everything just works better, looks
cleaner. I guess you could extrapolate
that to really planning anything that is
a bit more complex. Fable 5 is just the
best at that. But there you go, that
rounds out our little, you know, Fable
use case segment. So in conclusion on
these three models, I would say use
Fable 5 for the most valuable and the
messiest work. Use Sonnet 5 for everyday
work. You're going to get a lot of
mileage on your subscription. Or
alternatively, use Opus 4.8 if you don't
really care about the usage or the money
it costs to buy these subscriptions that
much. But we're probably going to get
Opus 5 soon, and that is kind of the
overview of that. All right, that was a
bit more time than I planned, but I hope
that was valuable to you. And if you
want to learn more about context
management, there's a link in the
description to the AI Advantage Club
where I teach courses on context
management just like this, but more
detailed. It's a $1 trial for 30 days,
you can check that out in the
description. Let's get back to the
video. A few more things that were
interesting and hit my radar this week.
First of all, Gemini Study Notebooks is
an outstanding feature. It's a free
adaptive AI tutor inside of the Gemini
app. Basically quizzes you and adjusts
to you. I really love watching the
educational space change, and I think
this future where eventually everyone
will have a personalized tutor is a very
compelling one. And this is probably the
most mature product that I've seen in
that category, especially on a free
tier. If you have kids and want to use
AI for tutoring, this is the product I'd
recommend right now. And we're going to
be making a separate video just on this,
just cuz I like this so much. And then
there's Gemini Omni Flash, which kind of
introduced a new thing that I haven't
seen before, which is conversational
video editing. It's in developer only
access right now through the API.
Eventually, this is surely going to come
to the Gemini consumer app. It looks
rather gimmicky to be honest. You kind
of talk to it and it does that, but
that's not really how you edit videos.
Editing is really about thousands of
decisions and having a vision for the
final product, which I guess you could
communicate through voice eventually.
Again, I'm intrigued, not convinced yet.
I'll keep my eyes on this as it matures.
I want to add that we're going to get a
new OpenAI model soon. They announced
some GPT 5.6 models this week, but only
certain organizations in the US have
that for now, so we'll see, but that's
going to be the new frontier model
family upgrading from GPT 5.5 now, which
is also amazing, but probably at like
Oppo's 4.8 or Sonnet 5 level. And yeah,
those are pretty much all the stories
and use cases I wanted to show you this
week. Leave me a comment on what you
wish was in this video or what we
covered on the channel. It's been a
while since I asked for ideas. I always
love hearing from you guys and yeah,
that's pretty much it. I hope this was
helpful. My name is Igor and I hope you
have a wonderful week.
>> [music]
>> Can you use?
Breaking down the stories you actually
[music] care about.
I lose, you can use.
Igor's here to help you
>> [music]
>> figure it out.
